$10 cover, no hats, and they steal your ID. How is this garbage still in business???
The wait was pretty long. But I'm not a very patient person, I'll admit. I went during lunch with my family, so I was able to taste a bit of a few dishes. First of all, their lunch menu is really small. When I sat down and realized that my favorite dishes weren't even on their menu, I was immediately disappointed. I had their papaya salad and honestly, it wasn't that great. It was actually one of the worst ones I've ever had. The flavoring was really off. How do I know? I am Thai and grew up there, so I know what som tum is supposed to taste like. And it really does not taste like that. I had some of their pad thai also and was really really disappointed. I mean, for the prices they charge and for the wait time and horrible service, I was really expecting something really good. The mood was actually really nice. Their decorations and open kitchen were a really nice touch, which is what they're getting the star for. However, it did become very loud very fast when the room filled up. It was difficult to keep a conversation going. For all the hype that people have made about this place, I honestly expected a lot better. But even if I walked in without any expectations, I would have still be disappointed.
i live 4 blocks away from this "ghetto long line safeway" (as seen on facebook check-in). worst customer "service" ever. usually only has 2 lines open, 3 when people start blocking the entire front of the store. i stopped by tonight to buy a few bottles of my favorite alcoholic beverage, went to the shortest line (the "express" line) and was told by the rent-a-cop that this line was closing and that i had to wait in the other line that was 8 carts deep. i set my basket down, walked out and drove to Fresh & Easy. see ya Ghetto Long Line Safeway.
still, the #1 WORST store ever! At this point, I'd pay to have F&E, Fry's, or Food City move into the neighborhood. they wait until the entire front of the store is completely clogged before they even call for another cashier. then, they have to call 3 or 4 times before someone bothers to show up. with chicken heads in Organic chicken, cockroaches in Organic salad, LONG lines, pan handlers & girl scouts in the parking lot, and poor customer service, i'm surprised someone hasn't moved in to the territory. this store is a text book cluster f**k. #worstgrocerystore
Why do we stop here and eat? It's cheap, It's fast, the name is familiar? Probably one or all those reasons. But we could be so much kinder to our digestive track if we would just explore out side the box! I once went 15 years without eating at a Taco Bell. Why did I try it again? Must have been an advertisement over powered me. I can be strong again and refuse to eat this crap once again or forever.
Ridiculous expensive drink prices...$16 for a double tall vodka soda. The manager is an A$$. Flip side...cute cocktail waitresses.
This place is horrible. If you are under 39 and from out of state, they will ID you and then take your order, then you will be ID'd again and with a 2nd form of ID (credit/debit card). Never in my life has this happened to me. And the managers on duty (Anissa or Amy) was completely rude and defensive. Her arguments were invalid and offensive. DO NOT GO HERE!
The staff is so rude. Amy and Anissa are the most unprofessional managers I have ever come across. The food is too expensive, the environment is too stuffy and the staff is extremely rude.
First, let me state that I never actually received a ride from this company. I've tried on two separate occasions, but their dispatch team has never allowed me to get that far and has MAJOR customer service issues. The only reason I've ever called this company is because their phone number is so easy to remember. On my most recent call to the company (which just happened to be last night), I had to call from a pay phone because my cell phone battery died. Someone answered about 6 rings later and mumbled "hello," no mention of the company or even the employee's name. I asked for a ride home from the Phoenix Public Library over on Central and McDowell, and the dispatcher asked for the address. I told him I don't know the address and he told me to "ask someone for it." I explained that I can't just walk around asking for the address because I'm on a payphone and there is no one within 30 feet of me. So he responded, "Oh, well, I need an address to get a cab to you." I ended up looking through a stack of torn up phone books searching for the address while he held a conversation with one of his co-workers. None of them listed the library address and the dispatcher hung up on me after a minute. I called another cab company immediately afterwards and had absolutely no problem with them. The dispatcher didn't ask for the library's address (in fact, she stated it just after I told her where I was) and didn't hold a conversation with co-workers about weekend exploits. Never calling Yellow Cab again.
I stayed at this hotel for a conference and it was terrible! I understand it is an old building but old buildings don't have to be dirty and falling apart. Poor, poor, poor, terrible value for what you pay (on this occasion a "special" conference rate of $199). Tiles in the bathroom were chipped, dirty, and in need of repair, the "art" on the wall was falling apart inside the frame, the pillows smelled like they were washed in beer, furniture and doors had chipped paint, you can hear your neighbors coughing and taking showers, your skin is scalded in the shower whenever someone flushes the toilet in your wing of the hotel, and there is a story and picture of a rape and murder line up next to the elevator. If that run-on sentence doesn't detract you then look at the rest of the reviews on here-- more than half of them seem like fake 4* ratings and the rest tell the true story and echo my complaints.
I have been going to this IHOP every month for 4 years. Our group is anywhere from 8 to 25. There are only two places in the restaurant that accommodate groups and for the most part, we have been seated relatively quickly. Over the past year, service has gone down hill. It started taking forever to get our order taken, get our drinks, or get our food. We are a very forgiving bunch and know it's not easy to serve a large group but as service started really sliding, our last trip ended the relationship. We had about 20 people and knew we would have to wait a bit, but after 30 minutes, we inquired how long and it was like "your waiting for a table?"the kept sitting people at the tables that only could accommodate large groups. How can you not remember a group when they take up the whole lobby? We called a near by breakfast place and they were thrilled to have our party, which grew smaller since some left at that point. We found a new home and they will get 5 stars on my review.
Visiting from out of state to see a friend in White Christmas and I took a photo of the final bow of the performers - without a flash - in order to share it with the cast, and I was pulled aside by an employee and forced to delete the photo as they watched me to ensure it was deleted. I specialize in copy right and entertainment law in Los Angeles, and found this to be stunningly petty. You can decide if that's an environment you'd like to go to for your entertainment.
I haven't yelped in about 2 months, and I was waiting for a place to either wow me or disgust me. Well, this place was that bad. First impressions were all right -- the outside bar was neat w/ good views of downtown, and the fire pits were nice. No beers on tap though; and seriously, what's with the hip-hop club DJ at 7:00 pm? Come on guys, way too early for that. It wasn't too long before three of us were seated; and after about 10 minutes, our waitress came up and asked us whether we were ready to ... oh wait, that's right, no menus yet, good job. O.k., so I ordered the Thai Spring rolls, which had a filling of lettuce, a single strip of carrot, and noodles. Seriously?! Main course, I ordered the curry, which turned out to be the worst curry in the world -- I don't even know if it was curry; it was more like a bowl of thick, yellow soup, with a few pieces of chicken and a couple of vegetables tossed in. Yuck. And then they only gave me a tiny bowl of rice. I'm sorry, isn't it supposed to be the other way around? My friends completely agreed with how bad the place was (I think they had some sort of stir fry, which they said was bland and pointless). So yeah, I don't recommend this place. Instead, head a block over to The Roosevelt for some good beer on tap and some pretty good food.
I was so proud of myself for finally getting around to cashing in the $5 coupon I received for running the 10K Turkey Trot last Thanksgiving, which Mi Amigo's sponsors, and I gotta tell ya, I really, really wish I hadn't. Bad food, worse service. The waitress was hot, though. Rude, but hot. I ordered the Shrimp & Scallop Enchiladas, which basically consisted of a couple stale tortillas covered with runny cheese, topped off with half a dozen miniature shrimps and scallops. Oh, and a small pile of cold beans and white (white, really?) rice. My date actually grimaced when they brought out the food - grimaced! - and said, "You're not really going to eat that, are you?" We were in a drinking mood and surely would have spent good money doing it, but after she brought the food, we never saw the hot waitress again - Ever! - and I actually had to get up and ask another, much less attractive waitress for the bill. Here's the best part - they took my $5 coupon but didn't apply it to the bill. A-holes.
Me and some friends wanted to get some lunch and decided to head over at this location. This was my first time there. We walked in and nobody greeted us at the entrance and we decided to walk over to one of the open tables. We sat down and waited for about 20 minutes for a server to come by and finally stopped one of the servers. I noticed that there were one bartender and two servers. The server told us that someone will be with us shortly. We were ok with that but it was not busy at all. then after another 15 minutes or so, I decided to walk up to the bartender and asked if we can get some service and at least get us some drinks. Finally, one of the two servers stopped at our table and took our drink and food orders. After she took our orders, we had waited close to 20 minutes and we didn't even get our drinks yet. We were there for almost an hour to get lunch and didn't even get our drinks. I got up and told the bartender that the service is bad and that we are leaving. We got up and walked away. I left this location with a bad experience and hungry.
I think Calamari F. pretty much summed it up. OSF serves absolutely inedible "Italian" food that is far worse than the usual Americanized Italian fare you get at chain Italian restaurants like Olive Garden. I would have rather had seafood alfredo from Red Lobster. The prices were also very high. The only good thing about our experience was the "free" spumoni ice cream that comes with every entree purchase. Avoid at all costs.
I was suprisingly displeased this time around. It was my 2nd time there and it wasn't anything like I remembered. The salad was DRENCHED in dressing (which I hate) so if you don't like that, get your dressing on the side. All I ordered was the soup and salad lunch special. They brought me my first salad which consisted of, literally, maybe 11 pieces of iceberg lettuce, 3 slivers of carrots, 4 slivers of cabbage, and about 8oz of dressing!! absolutely disappointing. I ordered my second salad with the dressing on the side and, of course, they brought me a REAL-SIZE salad the 2nd time. They should have done that the first time. The service was slow as hell and they brought us 2 loaves of bread (bc we had a party of 7) with only 1 knife. It was retarded all around. Just about everyone else was dissatisfied with their meals. It was lunch hour, I'll give them that....but they weren't even busy!!! Never going there again :(
i recently moved into cityscape, a high rise apt. bldg. just a block or two away from this establishment and i've started trying out the local eateries as i don't like to cook much. i ordered a tavern burger and cottage cheese. when asked how i wanted the burger i said well done, meaning no pink, but specifically stated i didn't want the burger to be burned and/or dry. the bartender assured me that would not happen. well, guess what? the burger was way overdone and left a bad aftertaste that lingered for quite a while. i should have requested the burger be tossed and another mad however i just wasn't in the mood for a hassle. plus the bartender never did ask how my food was. it's a shame as i left very unsatisfied and with a burnt taste in my mouth, unlikely to every return or to recommend this place to others. i'm sure it was not intentional but the result was still the same.
Dopes! I have been there a dozen times with my X5 and yesterday, after waiting 20 minutes, they say "your tires are too wide" So I'm like you just did the car two weeks ago... no response just looked at me like a deer in headlights. stupid is as stupid does i guess.
Stopped into this branch on Thursday, Feb 17th. I drive past it all the time on the way to work and have long thought it would be convenient to do business at this location. The hours on the door indicated they were open until 5:30 and I arrived right at 5pm. The branch was empty with the exception of a few employees. I was greeted by one of the tellers. I explained my desire to apply for a loan and was directed to a young man named Anthony. Anthony could barely muster a friendly attitude. He was visibly annoyed to have to deal with me so close to branch closing hours. Immediately realizing his frustration I apologized for coming in so late and explained that I (like most people) have to work until at least 5pm but was able to get away a few minutes early to take care of some business. One benefit to his eagerness to be done with me is that he flew through the process. I was literally done by 5:18. At which point his attitude improved significantly. The very next day I received a follow-up call from the Sunwest Federal Credit Union loan team. They needed some additional information which I was happy to provide. I'm not sure what it is about the folks at this Credit Union but again I got a huge amount of attitude. It was clear she felt bothered to have to deal with me. Ultimately I decided to take my business elsewhere. There are just too many other banks and credit unions that would appreciate my time and business. I'd recommend that you make a similar decision if good friendly customer service is important to you and your preferred banking experience.
This is just sad. Half the stores are closed, and the other half are under rennovations. I walked away, as I was at the convention center, willing to spend a few shekles... and left annoyed at the state this center is in.
I will never go in this restaurant again. I have been there several times, with each visit the manager being more rude and insulting than the last time. My friends could not believe the things I told them he said to me during my last (definitely last) visit. You can get better New York food elsewhere without the New York attitude. Complaints to the headquarters go unanswered. So I assume Schlotzsky's does not care about customers.
OMG what happened to this place? We hadn't been here in awhile, but the brisket was overcooked and soupy. The links had no taste except were very spicy. If the brisket at Dallas and Austin airports rate an 8, then this is a definite one or two. They say your first instincts are best; we first went into the Philly sub place next door that had Coke products and walked out. Instead we had overcooked, tasteless brisket and RC soda and spent $30 for two. I was even going save some for the dogs, but I wouldnt have enough padding for the explosion that would cause. Thank God I have a good cigar to get the taste out!!!
I've been to this location more times than I could ever count. It has always been my "go to"! But $10 for a combo meal?! HOOOLY MOLY prices have gone up and absolutely nothing has changed!!! I truly cant believe how bad this place has become over the years. The young cashier girl was so rude. She was almost annoyed that we were coming in- to spend $24 on lunch! The peach cobbler was TERRIBLE. I had to scrap the bottom of the crock pot thing to get some extra BBQ sauce... I'm SO disappointed. Every time I go in it just gets worse and worse. There are so many other wonderful places to eat in downtown Phoenix. Honey Bears, you're just making it easier and easier to get else where.
I am from out of town and have never been to a restaurant at a ball game, so I was excited to go to Front Row to watch the DBacks game. The website gave very conflicting messages about when you could purchase the seats in Front Row for the game, so I gave the restaurant a call over a week in advance. They said I could only purchase tables the day of. I called the night before the game, hoping that maybe they would make an exception because I really wanted these tickets. I then found out that the tickets have been available all season! I asked to speak to the manager, who was the rudest human being I have ever spoke to in my life! After about an hour on the phone with him, tears, and being called a liar, I decided to hang up and just call customer service. I understand that the table I wanted had already been reserved, I just wanted the manager (Lyle) to try to help fix the issue. He said there was nothing he could do, and that "EVERYONE knows you can buy the tickets all year round"... what a piece of crock. I cannot believe I was talked to in the way that he spoke to me, and I am so thoroughly upset and aggravated at him. I just read some previous reviews about him on this site, and it's so funny that everyone agrees with me. If you don't have any issue when you go there, then you'll be fine. But if you have even the slightest complaint that has to go through Lyle.... don't expect to leave happy.
I chose this motel because it is 3 blocks from downtown. I wanted to be able to walk back and fourth for a couple days. Upon check in I was greeted with zero smiles, and made to feel more like he was doing me a huge favor. The older gentlemen with white hair was very very clear that this was not a "party" motel. And that we will get removed immediately if there was even 1 complaint? I found this interesting since I am a mellow 45 year old who does not appear to be a partier in the least bit. He then went over the no smoking policy and that we'd be charged $150.00 cleaning deposit if we smoked. Even though the office smelled of cigarette smoke. LoL.... And nobody in my family smokes. I simply smiled and looked at my wife and said, "Well, looks like we came to the right place honey"' I was utterly disgusted at the layer of filth on the outside of the building. I wiped my finger on the outside windowsill and it turned black. Old gum, some kind of splash stains, trash, all in view on the way to the room. Every outside plastic trash can within view was barely holding together like they had been run over and stood back up. They are cracked to death and appear to be very old as they are faded? One of our rooms (we have older kids with us) reeked of cigarette smoke as we entered. I immediately opened the door and cranked the fan to try and air it out. I noticed the batteries were missing in the smoke alarm. I went to the office to report this and was met with apathy from now a female attendant. She told me she could swap out a room and would call me in 20 minutes. I told her that I did not want to get charged with a smoking violation. We went back and hung out in our other room. DISGUSTING. The corners of the rooms floors are filled with lint, dust, and food particles where it looks to never to have been vacuumed. Stains on the carpet and chair seating area. There were small chunks of seat cushion under the chair in the corner as if had not been moved or cleaned under in a long time. When I looked behind the tv cabinet in search for an outlet I saw a former tenants Old Spice deodorant covered in dust along with numerous crumpled kleenex? Seriously? After walking around the room in my socks for about 30 minutes they were black on the bottom. Gross. I can only guess that the cleaning crew blows through each room doing the least amount of work they can. We found evidence that one of our beds sheets had not been changed. After an hour I had never received a phone call that was promised. I went back to the front office for some coffee. The same lady was there and I told her to forget changing our room. And that it had aired out pretty good. I actually just gave up and decided to just try and help my family enjoy our few days here. After dealing with the manager who was very clear that we were here for them, and the condition of the room, I knew trying to get them to see reality would be more frustrating that just letting it go. So I did. I figured I'd inform possible customers of what they might be getting into. And I honestly hope Super 8 contacts the management here and tries to fix these easily remedied issues. Later that night after two of my kids showered. their tub (in room 108, the stinking smoke room that still stunk) did not drain. I walked back to the front office and met the lady again. She told me that they only had 1 plunger and that they had given it to another room and that they were asleep already. I now asked for a new room. She told me she would see what she could do and that she would let me know and call me back at my room. I never heard back from them the entire stay. Not to see if we were ok? Not to offer to replace the missing batteries (code violation)? The next morning we tried to enjoy the free breakfast. Ok at least they are trying I guess. But when the OJ ran out the white haired guy fixed it but did not say a word to us as we said thank you. He really makes it clear that he just does not enjoy people. We will never stay her again. And I feel like we should get a partial refund. I understand things happen. But this place is a joke. I would be embarrassed to work here. And I refuse to believe management doesn't know what is going on. Just hard to believe people can just not care. UPDATED JANUARY 26TH. After returning home 3 outta4 of my kids developed little red bites along the backs of their necks, on their sides and on our 2 yr old under his diaper on his belly. We determined that they were in fact bed bug bites. Fortunitely they did not make it back to our house. They did end up going away and have not returned since.
I have eaten here many times and have not been impressed with the taste of the food or the prices compared to other places. Today we went for lunch. My veggie burrito was almost $6 and not very appetizing. A co-worker was very disappointed also. She ordered a side salad for $3.99 and what she got was a side of shredded lettuce, diced tomatoes, cilantro/onion (which we would have told them to leave off had we known they were going to put it on a salad), cheese, tortilla chips and a packet of ranch. It seemed like a bunch of toppings thrown together with chips and ranch dressing. I would recommend Ranch Market (16th St./Roosevelt), Ritos (14th St/Roosevelt) or Los Charros (10th St/VanBuren) instead.
This review is solely about volunteering here. They do not return phone calls or emails. They treat people that want to volunteer their time horribly! On facebook former volunteers/vanguards are always complaining. Sojourner Center should start treating better those willing to work for free! This is a disgrace. The horror stories that i heard and my personal experience of not even treated as a person that should have emails returned is just unbelievable. Want to volunteer? Look elsewhere.
Dirty. So dirty. Hair in the french fries dirty. Cook sitting on the counter dirty. Undercoooked hamburger meat, and the server's fingers in my food dirty. Flies on the lip of the water pitcher dirty. Somehow these guys think that if you wear gloves you are spared from all contamination. As if scratching your ass with your gloves on will keep the ass germs from getting in your food. I've been there before, and have tried to look past all these things, when eating such delicious food, but really, it's not worth it anymore.
TASC is government run tax payer funded legal extortion. I live in Cali had a bong confiscated in AZ, no arrest, no ticket and now I have to jump through hoops to avoid a class 6 felony on my record. FUCK AZ AND FUCK TASC
I was so excited to try the pupusas after reading the reviews, but all the hype didn't reflect my experience.....located in a bright blue building, it was very unassuming....we entered through the back into a dimly lit, but very clean dining area. The menu sounded good and had photos of everything to make it easy to choose. my daughter and We ordered the Plato Tipico to get an idea of what they had to offer. The tamale smelled and tasted of funky fish (I think it was actually pork and potato) with under cooked masa, there were beef empanadas, deep fried hard things that I think were potato and the bean and cheese pupusas...everything tasted of the oil it was cooked in and was very bland. The cabbage slaw accompaniment was of no help in adding flavor. I also had the horchata which was very good. We tried ordering a dessert, however after taking our order, the server came back several minutes later to tell us they were out so we ordered something else only to be told later they were out of that too. Finally we ordered the pork, bean and cheese pupusas to give one more try...it was very cheesey but bland with an odd meat taste. Overall a very disappointing experience.
The only reason I would give this place a 1 star rating is due to their amazing soda and float selection. The food was absolutely disgusting. I never complain about food and I've definitely never sent food back, until tonight. I ordered a bacon cheeseburger and was shocked to see that fries aren't even offered as a side. I took one bite of the burger and found bone fragments in the frozen beef. My sister also sent back her bean/veggie burger. It looked equally disgusting. It will take a lot of convincing to get me to go back.
Cockroach on table (and a neighboring table). Lamb super mealy. Wine bottle "opened" in back and then brought to table with cork from another bottle. No apologies. Just arguments. You've been warned.
I would not recommend this apartment complex to anyone. Several negatives affect this review: 1. My car was broken into! This is a "gated" community where the gate doesn't work half of the time! 2. The apartment staff don't seem to care about their renters. Maintenance is a second thought, with little to no urgency. When asking about a piece of mail that was delivered to the office, they seemed to have no idea where it could have gone and keep no log of incoming or outgoing mail. On top of that, they didn't care enough to find the mail! 3. Grounds are kept at a minimum. Dog bags are refilled occasionally, bushes are cut haphazardly. Overall, just unkempt. I'd say stay away from this place!!
a dirty li.ttle hole.had a roach crawl on my hand. Joyce the bartender just laughed
Killing 15 roaches a day, trash piling on the ground all around the garbage bins because they are too full at least once a week, never ever having hot water (maybe once or twice a month for a very short amount of time) and heating and cooling not working even after being repaired. These are just some of the things that you will have to look forward to if you live here. Sure the rent is cheap and it seems quiet but try leaving for work at 4 or 5 in the morning, you'll find black guys digging through the trash cans. Good morning, is that the overwhelming smell of dog piss I'm smelling? Why yes it is. Animal piss puddles all over the sidewalks and good crap that the residents have yet to pick up. Sure you are paying for a parking space in your monthly rent but you'll have your spot taken or blocked 1-2 times a week every single week that you live there. If these things are things that you can look past for the price of rent try wrapping your head around suctioning 3 baby roaches from your sons nose because he can't breathe. This is a second floor apartment mind you, imagine the bottoms are much worse.
I have put off writing this review for so long because the memories of my experience there are so ugly that I needed weeks to recover. It was my Aunt's birthday and she _loves_ Macayo's. I went along begrudgingly and the results were terrifying. As a Phoenix native, I've known Macayo's on Central for decades. Its unique facade emulates the style of some grand Guatemalan Mayan temple, but... no, not really. And what is it that you want when you see pictures of Machu Picchu or of Tikal? You want to climb the steps, to _go in_. In the case of Macayo's, you must resist this urge with all your might. The main entrance is from the back and is true to form in the Egyptian style. A post and lintel rectangular opening leads to a long narrow hallway slightly sloped which opens to an antechamber branching off to the splendorous caverns within. Um. Except this article is about _food_, not a history of architecture lecture! Bleh. As is my custom I order a cheese crisp straight off; I'm allergic to corn so the endless bowls of hardened, impervious-to-rot corn chips (see pic) just repel me. After the pushy (more on that later) waitress scurries off I notice my fork (see the picture) and realize that with the caked-on food, this place might be cutting corners on lots of stuff, namely that the tortillas might be so cheap that they are the type to be sprinkled with corn starch to keep them from sticking to each other. The waitress returns and I ask her to please check the ingredient list for the tortillas for corn starch. A few minutes later she returns with the label torn from the tortilla bag and says that without her glasses she cannot read the list. I'm not joking when I say that the list goes on as long as this paragraph. Chemical after chemical, non-food food after non-food food. And then there right in the middle is corn starch, corn meal, corn flour and corn syrup. In FLOUR tortillas! I immediately canceled my order for the cheese crisp and resolved not to place a single bite of anything into my mouth. "Was the water bad too?" I wondered. I'm not sure where it started, but Tex-Mex goers have come to expect the attentive busboys to continually flit about filling and refilling bowls of corn chips and salsa. Macayo's sets the standard. It seemed the bowls dropped every few seconds as my family devoured them while waiting for the birthday girl to show. The salsa was gloopy (again with the pic) and might have had something added to the mix after it was poured from a gigantic vat, but I doubt it. My sensible companion said it didn't taste fresh at all. The birthday girl was almost 45 minutes late. After 40 minutes we discussed among us just ordering anyway. We decided to order, except that our decision quickly became an argument with the waitress who insisted that we wait for her. Um, whoa! Is this really happening to me? I must be in some kind of Mayan burial temple, I'm dead, and my servants and family were buried with me along with food and I'm going to be here for the next thousand years until someone decrypts the secret book and inserts the starfish-shaped key into the stony entrance to free my evil spirit back on the world. AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!! Yes, I loved the Mummy movies. But back to our pushy waitress. After the family tried over and over, unsuccessfully, to cajole me into ordering something, anything, we waited for the results. You'll have to see the pictures. You know you're in a nightmare of menu hell when an item's description has to change languages from English in order to accurately describe its content. The average speaker uses something like 20,000 words regularly and you can't even find a few to accurately or even poetically describe this item? The steak was described with being covered in a spinach queso sauce (see pic). Those two words had to have been taken straight off the labels of the two cans that were dumped into a warming pot to create this sauce. Think nacho cheesy, oil and corn starch and that lovely orangey-yellow coloring. Disgusting. My brother ordered a taco plate (see pic) and made the mistake of trying to bite into the taco shell with his teeth. This item should have come with a disclaimer and a hammer. Envision eating crab but with the shell still on it. He gave up quickly and dug out the innards with his fork, snail style. Macayo's should stick to their success like some cornstarch-less badly made stack of tortillas, namely large-scale manufactured canned foods sold to those who still think Phoenix is a town of rolling tumbleweeds and cowboys. Let them fantasize about questing to Phoenix and entering the secret Mayan temple to discover the secrets within. They can release my tormented soul from the hell that is Macayo's.
My name is Matthew and i Ordered 2 cheese pizzas w/extra sauce. Was excited I received an email couponcoupon for a $10 pizza. Went to pick it up on way from work...and after I had a discussion with some of the employees about the coupon and number of pizzas I was allowed by the manager James to have it honored. The staff before him said I could only have one pizza. So James settles it which was cool of him. Then I get home find out I have 2 pizzas w/o pizza sauce and only cheese. So I guess the lady that took down my order over the phone was confused. Why would anyone want only xtra cheese and no pizza sauce?So I call James back to let him know what happen and he agreed to credit my ATM card. So least to say dinner was ruined for my kids/family. Now we are off to my son's baseball game starving. I now will wait patiently for my refund to post on my bank account. Oh what fun!
So this kid named Brendan I think that was his name anyway he treated me extremely rude and like a common criminal....... being that he was wearing two obscene diamond earrings and wearing a gun on his hip he was obviously compensating for the little man's disease so I should empathetic but whatever he's a complete ass....... He's not Noah that's for sure ( his predecessor I assume)....... As I've said before about other places your money is better spent elsewhere Til next time
From the other descriptions I am reading, I believe our party had the same blond bartender. Granted she didn't curse out anyone in our party, but it wasn't a very pleasant experience. It's like she can't be bothered and perform her job in pleasant manner. Why employ anyone like that? Last time I checked, restaurants were in the SERVICE industry, so provide better service or customers won't come back.
Got a call from the General Manager John who was very nice and assured me they are not a homeless shelter. Perhaps I will go back and try them again.
I purchased a 18 X 36 print recently that I planned on framing. I stopped in Aaron Brothers even though I was planning on going to Michael's. The lady there was very friendly and knowledgeable. She helped to choose a mat and frame. After everything was decided, she ran it through the computer and said the job would cost $675.00. I thought I must have heard wrong. She said it was correct and that it would normally be $975 but she was applying a 30% discount. I asked if we could look at an off the shelf frame. We picked one. The price of the frame was $32.50 and with a mat and labor it came to $185. Still more than I expected, but I decided to do it. She informed me that it could be ready July 30th, exactly one month. I laughed as I was leaving the store. How the hell do they stay in business? I did notice that there were two employees present and one customer, me. No surprises there.
Oh shit! Literally. I was at this location on Sunday night (2/25/07) and it was horrible. The first thing we noticed was that there weren't any dishes. It was like nothing new was being washed and brought out for customers to use. Then the place started to smell bad... and then we noticed the waste water bubbling up from the floor drains behind the salad bar. It was like something out of a horror movie. We left in a hurry... a drainage grate in the parking lot was flowing with more raw sewage. It was amazingly gross. Any good experiences I've ever had in this place are moot... I'm never going back to this location again.
I unfortunately had the same experience as the other reviewer, I bought flowers for my wife and they died within a day or two. Scary how similar my experience with the staff was. They were rather rude regarding their poor flower selection and life of their flowers. I definitely will not do business with them again. Thomas H and Aurora E posted on the same day right after the "owners" response using very similar language and typing skills; i.e. using caps for a number of words and the poor grammar is the same. That is a little suspect but I know it happens on yelp. It's rather sad this company has to stoop to such low levels. You would think they would just apologize and want to offer good customer service instead of quoting policy over and over. In the "owners" 357 word response, not a single "sorry" or "we will do better" or "we will make it right" comment. Nothing but a long winded explanation about what their policy is and why they are like Macy's (ironic that Macy's actually has amazing customer service and would probably be upset knowing this flower shop is comparing their lack of customer service to Macy's). I think that is very telling about the owner's and staff at this shop. I love supporting local business, but not ones that act like you should be thankful for doing business with them, it should be the other way around.
Went here yesterday to see the drag show with my friend (and fellow transperson) Fenyx. Cruisin had everything I would ever want out of a bar; seedy atmosphere, cheap drinks, a stage, friendly bartenders, and trannies, crossdressers, and drag queens as far as the eye could see. For a moment I felt how Robert Smith must feel whenever he walks into a Hot Topic, or Hulk Hogan in a bandana wholesaler's. But alas, like Torrid and Guitar Center, I inevitably showed up the same day as the token asshole employee whose brief interaction with me would ruin my view of this establishment for all time. While waiting for the show to commence, Fenyx and I went through the back door to take a smoke break, as were a lot of other people. The back door couldn't be shut all the way or it would lock, forcing you to either bang on it until someone heard you over the music or walk around to the other side. So he and I are just standing around, smoking, talking, making sure nobody shuts the door, and out comes the DJ. He steps out, and before even lighting his cigarette, slams the door behind him. "Awwww, man, now you've locked us out," we say, playfully. The DJ stands over Fenyx, eyeballing him as he responds with "Yeah, that's the point. To keep the undesirables out" before walking off with his cigarette. "What the hell just happened?" I ask. "He thinks we're a straight couple." I laughed. I searched for a pen. I'd been mistaken for a lot of things in the past, but this was the first time I'd been mistaken as straight. This had to be documented. Fenyx, who is also not straight, was not as amused. I tried to brush the comment aside and we went back inside, where the DJ proceeded to stare down my amigo and I from across the bar. I knew at any moment, a confrontation would escalate, and I was forced to choose between leaving early, missing the drag show, or watch the tension rise to eruption. One of these scenarios carried with it the slight risk of me breaking a newly manicured nail, so naturally, I opted we go back to the Bunkhouse and play darts. I'm sure giving them 1 star for this one incident is petty, but, uh, so is what they did, so it works out, I guess. Oh well. Torrid and Guitar Center seem to do just fine without my business. I'm sure Cruisin 7th will do just fine.
Went to wear the Free People gauze tiered top I had paid to have CLEANED, and there are STILL spots on the garment. I had spilled a couple of drops of strawberry milkshake on the bodice and it evidently dripped to the lower tier, unbeknownst to me when I brought in the top to be CLEANED at Fashion Cleaners. The spot I did point out on the bodice is gone, but Fashion Cleaners did not look for other spots, and three remain. So I spent about $7.00 for a half-baked job. Filed complaint with the Better Business Bureau and guess what? They have ignored it. The following transpired on 11/9/13, AFTER the BBB closed the complaint because the owner(s) had not responded: Rec'd response re complaint and DANA still doesn't get it. No remorse, no apology, no acceptance/admission of mistakes. A grudging refund with a nasty reply. Can you say "pass the buck and blame everything on a customer"? Fashion Cleaners CAN and DOES! I sent these people about a dozen pictures of what I was talking about...feel,sorry for the co-owner, who doesn't seem half-bad, but when a person such as his partner presents the way she did with me, I just cannot, in good conscience, revise my rating.
It was definitely one of the worst ramen I have ever had in my life... I know I have such high expectations for food, especially when it comes to Japanese cuisine- but it was just so dissapointing, after reading the raving reviews about this place!
This was one of the few times Yelp has led us wrong. Came here because it was close by & had 4 stars. I will say the service was perfectly fine. Our server was very friendly & even though it was busy, we were greeted at the door & sat quickly. Unfortunately, it was downhill from the point we got our food. We ordered an assortment of rolls & a dish of pad Thai. The sushi choices almost all include cream cheese &/or tempura, which made it difficult to choose a variety without everything tasting similar. The sushi all tasted fishy. I don't think it was unfresh, but it certainly didn't taste fresh either. It was somewhere in between the two...if that is possible. The presentation wasn't bad either, but the overall experience was tainted by the poor tasting sushi.
I'm giving one star and that's being generous considering the horrible service my coworkers and I just experienced, it was appalling! I have never dealt with such a rude person while trying to get simple take out! From the phone call placing our order to walking out, food in hand, every moment we felt like we were not welcome. I understand gathering four separate orders can be a pain but you're a restaurant, I can't imagine we were the first group with this request! I'm not saying I will never eat here again because that is not the case but I can say I will never get take out for more then one person from here, what a mess!! VERY disappointed!
I called this store to inquire if they had a Canon EF 50mm f/1.4 USM in stock. They said they had a few. I asked if they could get anywhere close the amazon's price. He asked how much they were selling it for, and i replied $339. He then started yelling at me that they are losing $40 on the lens, and good luck. He was rude started bitching to me. I asked could you do any better, and he basically said good luck and hung up the phone. Get with the program. The price of the lens is $399 retail. Don't tell me you only make $20 on a lens sale. I want to support local businesses, but I'm not going to drive 20 minutes to over pay for something I can have overnighted to me for $60 cheaper. What is really ridiculous about the whole thing is I also ordered a $1100 L glass lens from amazon as well, which I paid full retail for. They could have had both orders, if he didn't treat me like sh*t. If you want to survive as a local business, you need to be nice to your customers. If you don't want to price match then be nice about it. Don't try to bully someone into buying something. If you know a customer is just going to order it, I think you would be better off selling it and only making $20, then losing that business and any future business from the customer. I have personally spend thousands upon thousands of dollars on photography equipment, always the highest end lenses, and camera bodies. In fact I bought my last camera body at their store, but I will never make that mistake again. You lost my business for good, and I am sure I will not be the last one.
Terrible. For a city so lavishly seasoned with some of the best Mexican food on the planet, this place coulnt have been worse if it tried. Outdated, dingy, dining space and help. I love me a good hole in the wall, but Jordan's can't even hit that mark. Avoid it!!!
I'm writing this review purely as a seller. So I am a total shopaholic! I guess that's what happens when you work in the industry. Anyways, I cleaned out my closet and came here and they literally took 1 pair of jeans out of maybe 40-50 items. I mostly brought in some old work clothes from Banana Republic and just some odds and ends that no longer fit. This place is solely for indy/punky/trendy, which they do make quite clear so they are what they say they are which is good. Makes me kind of wonder how many people buy and sell back the same items though...
I like Dominos when I need cheap, delivery pizza for the kids after a long day and no one wants to cook or go pick up better pizza. I was quoted 35 minutes for a delivery time on 2 separated occasions now and it actually took 70 minutes. All i got from the store manager was this, verbatim "Oh ya we got slammed and the pizza tracker doesn't really work. I don't know why they even have that." What a bunch of inconsiderate assholes. I will be getting my money back or calling my credit card company and declining the charges.
"If I could rate this place 0 stars I would" I have been to the Long Wongs in Tempe, so my boyfriend and I thought of stopping by here, we wanted to watch the championship game and we needed a place quick. We go in wanting some drinks, well the bar was closed...fine, we went and sat at a table a couple feet from a tv, perfect! We asked what draft beers they had and she said they had Bud Light, Coors Light, and Budweiser, so my boyfriend ordered a coors and i got vodka cranberry, she brought over a bottle of coors light and I walked over to the bar and looked at their tap handles and they also had Shocktop and Sierra Nevada on tap as well. Servers clearly do not know what they even have here. After waiting for about 30 minutes for our appetizer, we finally got it and then 10 minutes later we got our two burgers. We had no napkins and when we were looking for our server who seemed to be non-existent all night we saw her talking with the manager behind a wall, after staring at them for a few minutes he finally noticed and sent her to come check on us for the first time the whole meal. Over all just awful service, our server did not know about food or drinks and on top of it could barely communicate with us. We were there to watch a game along with two other tables of five guys each who were clearly watching the championship and cheering loudly. After about 15 minutes while trying to figure out why I could barely hear the game I realized they had TV on a news channel right behind the counter, and the server & manager were also playing music from a jukebox on the other side of the restaurant in the "closed" bar so loudly I couldn't make out any distinct audio and once we asked why there was music playing she replied "oh we're listening to music." My boyfriend and I both have been working in the industry for years and we are completely understandable of a busy restaurant and things taking a few minutes. There were TWO other tables in there and our server was seen 2 times, our food took forever, and the burgers were not worth it at all. We finally got the check and payed and left, we wrote a small note about how the service was awful (we wanted to talk to the manager but he was too busy trying to get it in clearly) and this is where it gets so much better. We left and saw him walk outside, but we were already on the main street so we called and told him about the situation, he asked us "Yes, was there a problem?" We told him about everything, the service, her not being knowledgable of any of her surroundings or her menu, and he replied "oh...okay" This place is a disaster, they clearly need to make some decisions to get this place turned around or need a complete new management staff, they lost potential regulars and I will tell every single person I can how awful of an experience I had. DO NOT GO HERE!!!
I don't know what I am doing writing a review for this store that no one (at least no one with any ability to change anything there) will ever read. Nevertheless, I came, I saw, I left empty handed as nothing (in truth, not one little thing) in my entire basket rang up as it was marked on the shelf. I don't know if it is incompetence, stupidity, or a laudable "I don't give a flying f" attitude that makes this the worst Michaels in the area, but I am not sure I have the time to devote to studying the subject matter. I think my favorite part of today's experience was when the third item rang up wrong and I told the cashier, she said "oh" and looked blindly like a deer in headlights. No "I'll check on that for you," no "do you still want it," just a blank stare. Sadly, I'll be back next week because this is the closest one when I am out and about. But seriously, as soon as I find an acceptable online substitute, I am outta here.
As a loyal (former) patron of Harvey's Wineburger for over 40 years, I can now announce that the change of ownership in the past year or so has murdered the magnet that kept customers coming back - their hamburgers. A good friend was in Harvey's in the past month, and ask me to go there with him today. He said on his previous visit, he got a lousy hamburger and suspected something had changed. His assessment was quite accurate. The first thing you notice when the burger is delivered is that the bun has shrunk and that the burger patty has become perfectly round, as compared to its 'jagged' predecessor, and flattened - maybe pre-formed and frozen? The first bite discloses the sad news: the meat is tasteless, rubbery, and absolutely nothing like the burger that has kept the joint in business 40-plus years. Astonishingly, you can no longer taste any hint of wine in the burger. My guess is that the rubbery consistency of the meat (they OBVIOUSLY have changed their supplier and/or grade) rejects the wine poured on it like water on Bullfrog sunscreen. We had heard about the ownership change several months ago with someone commenting that "oriental owners" had taken over. The smaller microwaved-tasting bun and the Birkenstock meat are clear signs the new ownership has resorted to use of cheap ingredients - specifically the meat - the landmark's staple - to squeeze more profits while raising prices that are unrecognizable to Harvey's regulars. It's quite sad. This was one of my favorite places in Phoenix - a wineburger and a game of pool - never crowded - that old dive charm...and hands down in the top 5 best burgers in town. Apparently the new owner(s) believe all they need is a 40-year reputation. Good luck with that, I won't be back.
This restaurant would've received four stars because the chicken red curry was spicy and tasty, the happy hour cocktail was great, and the edamame was perfectly salted. And even though our server was a newbie, she was still attentive and got answers to all our happy hour and menu Qs. Unfortunately, none of this matters because I got food poisoning. I'm guessing from the chicken because no one else in my party got ill and I was the only one who ordered chicken. Worst 48 hours of my life. I'll never return.
Worst pho I have ever had!! Rubbery beef, crunchy noodles and tasteless broth.... Look else where for Pho!!!
I like coming into this store. It's clean and always has great selection and deals. However, me and a friend of mine went late one night to shop and I ended up finding great deals. So I spent about $50 that night. I walked out and my friend asked what did I get. Well I didn't have everything in the bags so I went back inside to get it from the cashier. The first cashier or maybe she was a manager saw me and I told her I just walked out and noticed that I was missing items. She basically accused me of not telling the truth, gave me a dirty look like I was a thief and really didn't want help. So I made my way back to the cashier who also denied that she had the bag and again accused me of lying since I walked out. I think they felt I would make a scene which I would've because I was telling the truth and plus they were going to be closing within 15 minutes and there was a line! THEN giggling the cashier, she pulls the bag from the bottom shelf by her...she totally knew that she had it and she herself was lying. I have a feeling this isn't the first time they've tried this with people. So watch your bags! And I've worked in retail, really lame employees and actions that night.
Very disappointed and frustrated after leaving this nail salon. Like most, I don't have a lot of time to spend on getting a pedicure so when I can carve out time I'm thrilled to get one done. I walked in with a friend, was directed to chairs for our pedis, and the gal working proceeded to work on my friend's toes while I sat without even water in the tub. waited and waited while a few ladies with appts showed up. finally after my friend was done she told me I had another 30 mins to wait. No apologies, no explanation... very frustrated and was incredibly disappointed with this rude and inconsiderate service. Obviously I left without a pedi as I didn't want to pay them a dime for anything.
If you're looking for chain Mexican food....stick with Macayos. I've gotten nothing but bad food here and bad indigestion. Food quality is poor and is on par with Taco Bell. Just drive a little further to somewhere else.
Not impressed at all. I went with my husband, and as always he ordered a bean burrito, it was very bland and way over priced. I had a chicken and a beef taco, the chicken was horrible, and the beef was very dry. For desert we ordered apple chimichangas which were very good, but how could you mess up deep fried apples and tortillas dipped in cinammon and sugar. The only thing good I have to say about this place is that every time I ordered a beer the waitress brought me one immediately and then about 20 minutes later the busboy would bring another out to me thinking I never received the first, either way, no matter how drunk I got the food never tasted good. I would never go here again.
I took my BMW here because the dealership I purchased it from (used) took it here to have an oil leak repaired. First off, the oil leak was "repaired" only to find out later that it really wasn't. Turns out there was a slit (cut) in the valve cover gasket, which either occurred when this shop put the part in, or they purchased it with the defect, but either way, the problem was missed on their part, which tells me they do not pay attention to detail. So, when we noticed the leak was still an issue, it was under warranty through this shop for the original work, so I took it back. I spent a few hours waiting since I live in the far east valley, they did repair it, however later that day my "service engine" light came on, then went off. A few days later, I parked my car, turned it off, and went to start it again after picking up my mail, and the car would not start. Thankfully, my husband is a mechanic (the only reason he did not fix the oil leak the 2nd time around was because it was under warranty), we towed my vehicle back to my house, which was only down the road, but it was dead. Come to find out, the cam positioning sensor had not been plugged back into the vehicle all the way, which is what tripped my "service engine" light a couple of days before, and once it became looser over the course of driving the vehicle, the vehicle finally wouldn't start. My husband plugged this in completely (like it should have been doen at the shop after fixing the oil leak), and there have been zero issues since. Now, I'm not sure if this shop did this on purpose, or if they just do not pay attention to detail very well. But, given that something as simple as an oil leak required TWO visits due to a part that they either didn't notice was defective or they messed up themselves, and then they did not finish putting the vehicle back together when they were finished, I am not very happy. On top of it, I had to have my vehicle towed (thank goodness for towing on my insurance!), and had to deal with a dead vehicle when my school aged son, and I were both sick at the time. I would NEVER recommend this shop to anyone, I will never ever go back, and I also intend on notifying the dealership I purchased my vehicle from of the issues in the hopes that they choose another BMW shop in the future to service any used BMW's that come onto their lot. What a complete and utter nightmare.
I hate this CVS with a passion. There are always people hanging outside begging for money. Sometimes, CVS allows these fundraiser groups to hang outside their door and ask you for money on your way in/out. I normally wouldn't care, but I'm not handing cash to a cheerleader to go to camp when there are children dying of cancer that could use the money more. Just saying. Anyway, back to the panhandlers. About a year ago, I was coming out of this CVS and heading to the bus stop. As I turned the corner, a guy approached me asking for money and before i could answer, he pulled out a knife. Luckily, I was able to run to the bus stop and the bus came right then. I was pretty shaken up because it was summertime and nobody was really around in that area (it was by the drive thru pharmacy). That evening, I decided to call the store and ask to speak to a manager to address their issues with people begging for money. Not only did I get an attitude, but the lady from the description of the guy that I gave her, seemed to know exactly who this person was (described him as a regular customer). She defended him by saying that it didn't sound like something he'd do. Um, excuse me? I was able to give her the exact time according to her that he is around CVS, a description, etc. Why would I lie about this? So a simple task like keeping panhandlers away was proven to be too difficult for CVS to handle and their managers could care less about their customers.
Unfortunately my first experience at Runner's Den wasn't good. The guy we had was so rude and in such a hurry, he had the shoes rung up on the register before I even had my old shoes back on! Maybe they were short staffed but you would think a Sunday at 1:30pm in the afternoon would be an OK time. They might be the best but not in service. I'll never go back but will keep on running!
I had a whole review written and then IE crashed and I lost it but essentially, here's the gist: Don't go to this joint. It used to be decent to good..more towards the good. Now you bring your car in dirty and it leaves dirtier after they've used dirty, damp towels to swish the dirt around. Save your money,. I'm not sure where to go unfortunately because I can't seem to find ANY decent car wash in the valley anymore, but I can tell you not to bother with any of the Danny's car washes in the valley.
Customer service inside was decent...the people outside though weren't as nice. After my car was washed, they let it roll in neutral nearly hitting a wall. Guess they didn't realize it's a manual transmission. So after some guy jumping in and slamming on the brakes, he took it to start drying it off. As he was driving it to the drying area, he started driving it hard. After drying it off, another guy got in to park it. He was driving my car hard like a race car...just like the young man before him. I told him that I'd appreciate it if he didn't drive my car or any other customer's cars like that. He looked at me with a smirk and pretended like he didn't speak English. They obviously have no respect for other people's personal vehicles or opinions.
Major suck. I have been here 3 times with three separate vehicles. I think "Hey? Why not try again?" Every time I get my car washed here I feel like they always forget something: the very bottom of your front and rear bumpers, the water that dripped from your liftgate onto the bumper, anything on the windshield that isn't dust...... I could go on and on, but my point is that they don't seem to care, they just want their tip and you leave. I feel bad so I tip, as it's hot and I sure as hell ain't doing the job. Go somewhere where your car actually comes out clean though.
Be sure to ask if your car is ready yet. They forget to announce it sometimes and leave you in the lobby waiting for Christmas.
This does not exist. It is now an unbelieveably soulless gay bar with the inventive name "Bar One". That is all.
I have been here on multiple occasions and each time the customer service leaves a lot to be desired. Their selection in 38s-40s seems pretty limited. I've been twice now when I was looking for a particular color / style. When asked if I needed any assistance, the answer to "yes, I'm looking for x type of jacket in x color" should not be to say, "hold on a few minutes while I" do something and then to leave your customer waiting 10+ min for an answer. Save yourself the hassle and go check out, pretty much anywhere else. I hear they sell jackets and suits at the thrift stores. At least there I'm expecting to be ignored and have to fend for myself when trying to find something.
I'm seriously shocked that there are not more neg reviews on here about this place because I hear people bitching all the time. First of all, do not expect to make a quick 'in-and-out' experience. You walk in and put your name on the List.. yes, list with a capital L. What is interesting is they ask you what your question/comment/concern is but when you finally get called five hours later, they ask you to explain your question/comment/concern all over again. Let's just say you have a Blackberry Pearl 8130 and the roller ball does not work anymore. Hypothetically, of course. So the highly skilled guy behind the counter looks at it for 2 seconds and says "Oh, looks like it needs to be replaced..." I'm pretty sure I already said that. "Unfortunately, we don't have any of these in stock.." Wha? Come again? You don't have any more of one of your most popular phones in stock, in any of the 542 colors it comes in? Boy oh Boy. "Here, you can call this number and request they send you out a new one." Great, the same number that told me I had to go into the store to get it replaced. Oh brother what a bummer.
This location of Verizon gave me the customer service experience equivalent of a car wreck.
Last night we planned a special Valentine's dinner! We made reservations 2 weeks in advance so we would definitely have a table! It was a very important night for us and we went looking forward to a lasagne dinner! Unfortunately at 8:15 pm they were out! We were stunned, disappointed, and decided to settle for spaghetti! We did ask for the manager and he explained that they did not plan on so many wanting lasagne! Well the bread was very good! We had to ask for more and had to go find someone to get us some more butter! We mentioned this to the hostess who proceeded to tell us our waiter was new! After dinner when the manager wanted to know if we enjoyed. We told him.... not really... It was not what we wanted and $55 was pretty expensive for spaghetti! He asked so we told him what we thought! Oh my! He was rude, talking to us in a loud voice!!! Now we are getting mad but pay the bill and get up to leave at this point we just want to be gone! The manager is following us out and now he is yelling! We were very much shocked he starting yelling the F word. The doors are wide open and he does not seem to care that the entire place can easily hear him! He sees we are parked in handicapped right out front! Now he is yelling even louder about us illegally parking! Oh by the way the parking pass is extremely valid! This is a very unpleasant scene by the MANAGER! The spaghetti was definitely not worth it! Unfortunately I will never get to try the lasagne! Do not recommend at all!
Terrible Nasty Trashy Place
hours posted are wrong. arrived here at 4:45 today, opened door and was greeted by a woman telling me they didn't open until 5:30. well as of now posted hours here are from 4. I get that hours change and not all media gets updated, but their doors were open and their hours reported as such. No offer to be seated and offered a drink anyway or even an incentive to return during new business hours. just a simple we are closed until 5:30 and an escort out. I repeat, hours posted on this site as of writing this review reflect my attempted patronage. lock your door or update online info or be courteous. there were only 2 of us, and not even a question if there would be more which there wasn't. never been here before. probably will not try again thanks to this experience
I used their catering services for a corporate training we were holding in our office. It was supposed to be delivered at noon. At 11:55, I received a call letting me know they were running a "few minutes" behind. Fast forward 35 minutes later, I am sitting on hold with them for 10 minutes trying to find out where our food is. The gal on the phone was rude and acted like I was out of line by asking where it might be. I guess I just assumed a chain as large as CPK would have their act together when it comes to these things. Instead they didn't offer an apology or ANYTHING. We definitely won't be using them for corporate catering again, or anything else for that matter.
Although this retail location appears to be stocked with merchandise, the staff seems disinterested in helping. They would prefer to assist clientele who are on the thinner / fitter/ younger side of life. Anything else they really don't have the attention span for. As witnessed on multiple visits. [Head Shake] Before I dropped a chunk of mass I ventured into this store. I would have spent the world and the moon that day. (The mgr of sales in training at my gym had sent me over to "invest" in protein what not.) I had a very specific product to purchase and a list of other "maybes". Yeah, this is before I started eating clean. Anyway, I had some questions. But the same very tall, dark haired lad, had to help a gal. With her cell phone. And then with mints. And some other critical stuff. I get it. Flirting. Sure, on the job. Go forth, do that. But when I finally had his attention, he had the audacity to be annoyed. At the actual paying customer. (vs. the gal that works next door and pops in all the time.) Hoy Vey. Kids. I get 'ya. But help the old ones with their wallets wide open next time. Periodically I would stop in there on my way to Sports Authority. To buy some energy bars. SAME THING. Then I changed my food vocabulary and never, ever, needed to go in there. DON'T GO.
I was having lunch today with two business executives. I ordered a Chinese Chicken Salad which seemed simple enough. When it was served I began to eat it and noticed there was no chicken. I politely asked if I had ordered wrong and she said "no" the chicken might be on the bottom. I checked, no chicken. I again brought it to her attention and she said she had to show the kitchen to be sure that I was correct. She then proceeds to take my salad that I had been tossing around to the kitchen . They go through it and she brings the same salad back saying "yea, you were right they forgot it, they laughed and added some for you". I would have thought they would have made a new one not played with mine and add chicken to fix it. I chose not to eat it after others have handled it. I didn't want take it further because I was with others. But.... Cheesecake, I was embarrassed enough for us all. Worst service ever! And an attitude I was shocked by! I sure the other people I was with will not return there anytime soon. There are a lot of great places to go at the Biltmore and Cheesecake if no longer one of our choices.
I used to be a huge fan of this place until last night. I went in to find a nice dress to wear. After wandering the store looking for the plus size section (I proudly wear a size 18) and not finding anything, I asked the clerk where it was. Apparently they no longer carry anything over a size 16. Talk about being disappointed. I was so upset I almost cried. Shame on you...... You should also put a sign up now so that girls like me don't waste our time wondering through your store anymore...
nothing to rave about this place. service was poor and the food was bad. I know, I shouldn't expect much on cajun food in phoenix. but I'm always up for an adventure.
I am pissed! I have been attending the Wrigley Mansion for music on the patio for over a year now, and have been raving to all of my friends about it. All the stars happened to align this last Sunday, and ten (10) of my friends attended with me. I was embarrassed because it was no longer the same Wrigley. In two weeks (since I was there last), all the rules changed. The cool band, Delcoa, is no longer the band. There is no longer a $7 buffet. There remains half price bottles of wine, but they increased the price of the bottles. Um, excuse me, but if I am going to a casual event on an outdoor patio, why the hell would I buy a $90 bottle of wine (discounted to $45...ooh, what a bargain)!!!? I swear, even the outdoor lighting has been removed!!! And they have no Facebook presence where I might have been notified...nothing different on the website to indicate a "rebranding." They did still have a good crowd. I think the crowd follows the band, so all of these people were new to me. But they were not prepared. The service was very poor. (Remember, I was seated at a table of 10...Hello!!!? Cha Ching!!!?) It's likely I won't be back.
I flagged the "doctors" reply. It is filled with lies, as it would be. I have nothing to gain by making false statements. He has $$$$$ to lose if people heed my warning and avoid his practice. I have proof from THREE other vets that his diagnosis was WRONG. If my dog had blood in her eye, it would be there the next day, too. I took her to a chiropractic vet in AZ the next day. After adjusting her, he looked in her eye with an instrument. NO BLOOD. Plus, Bishop did not bother to look at my dog, or check her over in any way. NOTHING. NADA. He just announced very DIRE supposed concerns that required IMMEDIATE and EXPENSIVE procedures in HIS OFFICE, without any initial exam, or even listening to me about her history. All of this based on the fact that she was coughing. He completely ignored my every word. It is true she was knocked by a bigger (not huge, about 10 lb.) dog. Yet he ignored that, until his rebuttal now. He did not look at her little back or legs, etc., to see if they were sore or bruised,. After I took her to the chiropractor in AZ (who sadly isn't on Yelp, as he is expensive but SUPERB and worth every penny) she was much better. I also was concerned about the Flovent she was on and the Dr. in CA (who also checked her eye WITH AN INSTRUMENT unlike Bishop) said she was having a reaction to it. In Fact, Bishop said he knows NOTHING about Flovent and then ignored my concern about it. So it's odd he brings it up now. He just kept yelling how she's obviously in heart failure. It nauseates me that some vets do this to loving pet parents, esp. when their baby is getting older and they get more concerned. But as I said, as a rescuer, I'm a pro at this by now, and know when I'm being given a grotesque sales pitch. I give good reviews when they're warranted. I have NO reason not to. BTW, I'd been to the office of the "specialist" he was going to refer me to (read my review on the Vet. Specialists in Gilbert). NO THANKS. And the other "specialist" was at another office I'd been to. They wanted to put my dog UNDER (yes, anesthesia) to take a STICKER out of her leg. What? "Well, because poking with a needle, to pop it out hurts". Oh, so when you give a shot to a dog, you put them under for that, too? Obviously birds of a feather stick together.
I rarely give 1 star reviews, but in this case I had no choice. I needed an appointment on fairly short notice so when I found Dr. Kramer had an opening for the next day I jumped on it. I made my appointment online via Zoc Doc. I was also able to fill out all my paperwork online avoiding a long wait at the office. Arrive at 3:30 for my 3:45 appointment. The office was filled with screaming children. The receptionist needed my ID and insurance card. I had to fill out a quick consent form which was fine. 45 minutes later I'm summoned back to Dr. Kramer office. I waited another 10 minutes in there before his PA arrived. She then proceeds to ask me every single question that I already answered online which should have eliminated this long ass process. Finally Dr. Kramer arrives at 5:00. More questions, more examining. His conclusion was that I did not have a bacterial infection. I did however have a viral infection. He prescribed a Z pack. 4 days later and I feel exactly the same. I called his office yesterday and told them what is going on. I was then told that what he prescribed won't work because I did not have a bacterial infection and viral infections go away on it's on in about 6 weeks, but the Dr. needs to see you again. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?????? I asked the lady what he was going to do different on my next visit that he didn't do on the first visit. No answer. Needless to say, I will not be returning to Dr. Kramer. If you simply want to give your money away I suggest an organization like PAWS (pets are worth saving) because Dr. Kramer ripped me off and had the nerve to try to do it a second time.
just ew. dirty bathrooms. plastic-y vegetables. watery gravy. bland mashed potatoes. iceberg lettuce and pink tomato "salad." this is the taco bell of diners...the food is cheap for a reason. do yourself a favor and skip it. when denny's food looks fresh in comparison, you know you're in the wrong place. *sigh* lola
My bf was visting from Colorado Springs and we were in the mood for seafood, yeah in Phoenix, but we decided to try this place anyway. What were we thinking? There was nothing wrong with service, the food was terrible. It's definitely not what you expect when you look the price, really pricey. We shared oysters for the appetizer. I ordered a clam chowder. It was fine, not outstanding but edible. My bf ordered a ceasar salad, the plate was warm, the romaine was wilted. He is not a picky person but he did not hesitate to send it back. I ordered the scallops which were ok, a little on the rubbery side and it came with brown risotto. It was all too dry, I had to get an extra glass of water to wash it all down. It sat like a lump in my stomach, leaving no room for desert. My bf chose the mussels in an herb de provance soup. It was a bunch mussles that looked like they were swimming in yellow water. The taste? None, it was tasteless and watered down, no butter, no white wine, nothing to make it taste good. The herbs did nothing for the dish. Would I go back to give it a second chance, nah, not for the price. The most unsatisfying place I have ever eaten.
The place was pretty deserted...I discovered why. The inside has a slightly funky odor, like spoiled cheese and cheap wine. The owner was a sour faced jerk who demanded to know what I wanted. I'm assuming he was the owner because he had a European accent and his clothes were better than mine. And he had an aura of arrogance and authority. That's all it took for me to turn around and walk out the door. If all French bistros are like this one, then I'm steering clear of them in general. Sophie's really sucks.
Great cupcakes and cookies. Unfortunately - worst customer service in the world. It's a shame. Twice now, they have goofed up my cupcake order. No apologies for the mistakes both times. On one occasion, they completely forgot about the order. I was told I would just have to buy items out of the case - which I did. No problem. However, there were not enough cupcakes to fill the order and I was charged the full order price. When I pointed out that they had overcharged me by $9, the manager rolled her eyes at me. Started slamming things around and told me sharply I would have to WAIT for the refund. So you forget my order, don't apologize, overcharge for the replacement order, then have a hissyfit when I ask for the correct price. Wow. Unbelievable.
I grew up with Manuel's. We used to go every Sunday after church growing up and that was back when it was still on 32nd St. Since I got older, the price has gone way up and the quality of the food seemed to go way down. Salsa isn't spicy anymore. Used to be that the plate was super hot when it was brought out to us, not anymore. One of the last times my family and I went there for dinner they charged us a 16% gratuity! 16% is way too high for any gratuity but we were only 4 people!
miserable experience snarky jerkoff of a waiter mediocre food in small portions over salted and lukewarm crappy ordinary and overpriced wine list one of the worst meals in scottsdale ever!
What do you get when you mix the smell of mold with the smell of 6-month-old sweat? This 24 Hour Fitness location I started to feel ill after only 10 minutes of breathing in that horrible smell! Everything from the stationary bikes to the sanitizer dispensers are in disrepair. I hope to be updating my review soon with more stars, but things are only getting worse at this juncture.
Can I give it no stars? Worst gym. Cardio equipment is old and usually broken. Everything usually broken. Staff sucks. Center caps from my wheels were stolen from the crappy parking lot.
Freaking out a little. Just got finished eating there. Hairs in the food and I saw a cockroach crawl across the kitchen floor. At least if I get sick tonight I will know why!
Extremely disappointed. I have frequented this Rubio's for years. On my last visit there ever, I watched every second of the near Halloween horror: my carry out order was brought to another table, to an elderly couple who were obviously dining in. When the front counter guy asked if they were carrying out, they said they didn't care. I watched them open the carry out boxes. I watched them take the boxes to the salsa counter. I watched them take a bite from the boxes. I watched them shut the boxes when the counter guy realized that he brought them the wrong order when their order was finally ready and called out at the front counter. I WATCHED IN HORROR AS HE RAN OVER TO THEIR TABLE AND TOLD THEM THAT THEY RECEIVED THE WRONG ORDER, AND HE CLOSED THEIR BOXES AND BROUGHT THEM TO MY TABLE AND HANDED THEM TO ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I was.....horrified. I was in shock. I said: um, I'm not taking that if they put stuff on it, and I know they put stuff on it and took a bite. The counter guy opened up the box and said, I don't see any stuff on it. it is fine. He closed the box and handed it back to me. Another customer walked passed me and I glanced at him in horror, hoping to get some kind of compassion and sympathy. He stared back at me with no emotion. I turned to the counter guy and said, I really don't want to take the boxes if they put stuff on it. He says, I don't see that they put anything on it. It's fine. And he laughed. It doesn't matter to me if he laughed at me or thought it was funny, but it was NOT funny. I walk out of the store DAZED and IN SHOCK with the two boxes. Never in my life, even in the dirtiest grossest restaurant have I blatantly experienced anything like this. When I got home, I opend the box to microwave the hell out of the plates thinking I would give it to my dogs; and there was a foot long hair EMBEDDED across both tacos which I slowly pulled out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!AGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!! I can not even make this S*IT UP!!!!!!! I will never, ever go back there ever again. Good luck suckers. I hope you take your Cipro. You get what you pay for. Never ever again. The only plus was that it was free taco weekend, and the counter guy gave me a free taco, which I threw away after gagging pulling out the embedded hair. For years, the service was friendly and excellent. What happened? :( I'm on my way to Baja Loco.
stopped here because i was in the area. boy was that a big mistake. i too had the guy, who i wonder why they let him touch people. he is horrible and the way he did the polish what a joke. but the worst part was that after the pedicure from a cut that developed my foot got infected and couldnt work or barely walk for 4 days. never again will i go back there. (giving one star is being nice)
John S, I appreciate your interest in making people think T Cooks is a great place, and I also appreciate your attempt to get me back in to waste money. However, I just explained that your waiter was trying to run up the bill and your food was salty. And your response was "sorry...hope you come back.". Well sorry John S, not good enough. I am actively encouraging others to avoid your restaurant. At your prices, you should know better.
I LOVE Einstein bagels. A LOT. Bet bagels I have had. We live right by this location and go there often but today was my last time I will go to this specific one. It is so dirty. I will give them a break that yes it was Presidents' Day so they were probably busy ... But there was trash on every table, all over the floor, the coffee bar area was disgusting, and the last straw was the gross bathroom. You can tell it had not been cleaned in months. There was so much grime on the sink and the paper towel dispenser I was majorly grossed out. It makes me wonder how clean the kitchen area really was. My order was wrong which Happens no big deal... On top of that I have never had good customer service there- next time I will drive the extra 10 minutes out of my way to the location on Tatum and shea's- they're always friendly and it's very clean there.
ZERO stars. I brought my $600 Swiss army watch in as I needed to have a number placed back on the dial after a drop. Should have been a quick, cheap job. I jut picked it up and it looks like crap. There is excess glue all around the numbers, which they say "I have to live with". As I was making my case with the Asian lady who owned the place, one of the other workers was snickering in the background. Not only that, this simple job took 3 weeks to complete as they had to send it to California to fix because they did not have to tools to put the watch back together. Worst of all, the crown/pin was not attached properly and is loose. This place needs to be put out of business. Bottom line, Do not trust them with your jewelry even for seemingly simple jobs.
Called and specifically asked if they could guarantee delivery between specific times on Valentines Day, once assured I placed my order. 15hrs later I get a voicemail asking if I could move the delivery to today and if so they would throw in a box of chocolates free of charge. After being put on hold for a total of 30min and hung up on twice they finally found my order and assured me that everything would be delivered today. Well the flowers were delivered today but no chocolates along with misspelled and misquoted words on the card. When you charge $15 for delivery I'd expect some level of professionalism. I will NEVER order from here again. STAY AWAY and order from 1-800-FLOWERS. I had wanted to support a local business but in this instance I will stick with a national competitor.
I used to go to Ingleside animal hospital for all my pets needs. I had a very sick kitty that they could not figure out what was wrong. The only option was exploratory surgery for an amount that was way out of my budget. I also didn't think my kitty would survive the surgery. They attempted to find every $!00 treatment they could over the course of several years. Never did figure out what ailed him. They got the money in the long run. Once my kitty needed some more antibiotics for an abscess that Dr. Serbin had already seen and prescribed for. The abscess came back. I had recently lost my car and my job and asked if they could just call a script in to a local pharmacy as i didn't have the $ for a cab ride or the visit. It had been 4 months since his last office visit and like i said they had seen this poor kitty dozens of times on deaths door over years. He told me it wasn't ethical to prescribe the meds that i needed to come in. I was irrate. I had just been in there for another cat 2 months prior and had a standing antibiotic script for him so I asked if they could call in the script for the other animal they had just seen. He told me that he wouldnt because he knew I would give it to the other animal. I ended up having to get my hands on some from someone else. otherwise my poor cat would have went without. I wrote a letter to them of how upset i was and got no reply. A few years later after trying many other vets and the sick kitty had passed away the other kitty I had needed a dental cleaning. I had saved adamantly to acquire the funds to get it done over 2 years. (its very expensive. In light of my experiences there I trusted their competency with doing the dental surgery so I returned back money in hand over $400. My anger from previous grievances were furthest from my mind had just about forgotten and just wanted my cats teeth cleaned. On the day of the appt because of my cats age they did pre blood work for the surgery and it came back he was diabetic. I couldn't believe it i had another cat that was diabetic and this one didn't show any of the signs i was shocked so they ran some more tests and loaded me up with insulin and never cleaned his teeth. My bill was just about all of the $400 i had desperately saved. Every time i gave the cat insulin his sugar would crash. I ended up going to a different vet (BLUE CROSS animal hospital) who eventually did the surgery and said that his mouth was causing his diabetes and he just needed it done. I suspect Ingleside purposely ran my bill up and didn't treat my animal because of past disputes. I have no proof but I will never pass on a chance to warn other cat owners to avoid them I will never return there and am so much happier with BCAC. I live in tempe now but will gladly drive to BCAC.
I stayed here for a conference. My diamond stud earrings went missing from the time my husband checked out to the time the room was cleaned. (He had seen them and forgot to grab them.) Estimated time of two hours in which the earrings were left unattended. He texted me when I was in the conference when he remembered seeing the earrings and notified security. The security person was cooperative and searched to no avail. I sat in the lobby for the Phoenix police. I asked for a comment card. I was told a survey would be emailed to me. No one from management met me. I am told that the employees are longstanding and have a lot to lose meaning their job if they stole the earrings. I asked if they polygraph employees. It is the police's decision apparently. My biggest disappointment is that no one from the staff reached out. At least four employees knew of my situation, did not say my name or offer a sentence stating they were sorry about the situation. It was though I was the problem although I had not accused anyone of anything. I have to file a report for insurance. One star goes to the security officer. He was professional, sensitive and empathetic to my situation.
This resort is beautiful. The grounds, pool, fitness center, and other amenities are amazing. If you are from snowy Chicago, Wisconsin, Minnesota and you want to getaway to beautiful Scottsdale AZ and enjoy serenity and comfort, you should consider Royal Palms Resort and Spa. Unfortunately, I had a bad experience at TJ Cooks restaurant for lunch. I ordered the flat iron steak and eggs. Except for the hash browns, the rest of the dish was INEDIBLE. I could have eaten a better meal at Denny's for a fourth of the price. I also ordered the Panini, a dessert combo of peanut butter, chocolate and bananas sandwiched inside a panini bread. This was also disappointing. My wife ordered the eggs sardou. It was cold and had no flavor but the hash brown potatoes were great. I'm hoping they had a substitute cook that day and this isn't their normal standard of taste. Again, you shouldn't miss the Resort, but I had reservations about TJ Cooks.
In the world of cakes, there's somehow an unspoken rule that if it's pretty, it's okay to be subpar in taste and moistness. In my world, this does not compute. It needs to be as tasty as it is pretty. Period. So I can only give kudos to the artfulness of a Tammie Coe Cake, but nothing more. Cakes where you are told to remove the fondant and then eat it... that's not right--you should be able to eat it all--and yummily so. If you like the taste of fondant... you've got to be kidding me--Yucky! So take my review or leave it. I just think a cake needs to be tasty and moist first and pretty second... less of course it's for a wedding, than it needs to be both EQUALLY. Who has ever said no to an ugly but great tasting cake? Not me. So I'm putting my foot down and saying I won't eat a cake or cupcake that isn't tasty to me. Now, I must state that I am more a fan of cake than frosting. Frosting is secondary to me. So if you are more for frosting than for cake, ignore my note and have at all the Tammie Coe's and Sprinkles of the world--and have mine... no really, go ahead. If there IS frosting--for me and others like me, a little bit of frosting goes a long way with one exception: If it's Whipped Cream Frosting... then BRING IT ON! I like frosting's more subtler relative so if it's a Whipped Cream Iced cake, I won't make it a point to get an inside piece, or scrape off the icing at all as I would a basic frosted cake. Anyway, Tammie Coe's cakes or cupcakes don't do it for me. If I have to partake in one of her treats, I'd shoot for her pastries or cookies before cake or cupcake. As for MJ Bread, I have no complaints there... their breads really impressed. I can't remember which CenPho restaurant I had my first taste of MJ bread, but I remember being V E R Y impressed.
This place is dirty. The plate my food was served on was dirty, our waitress's apron was dirty, and the booth we sat in was dirty; it left a huge grease stain on my daughter's pants. This place is disgusting.
Someone in class suggested this place and it was such a let down. A large group of us went and many people liked their sandwiches but my turkey cranberry w/ stuffing sandwich was awful. The stuffing looked like dog food and it tasted like cardboard and fennel. The cranberry sauce tasted like it came from a can and there was nothing special about the bread. The upside is we got our orders fairly quickly and the atmosphere was alright for a quick lunch spot.
Dr. Enrique Cruz is the most unprofessional person I have ever encountered. I rescued a nine-year old, 7lb dog from the Humane Society. Minnie was diagnosed with a Stage 3 heart murmur and the vet said she did not require medication. 30 days later, Dr. Cruz examined her and told me that her heart murmur was at 5.5-6 and required an Ace Inhibitor--$24 from his office. I called my local pharmacy and learned that I could buy it there for $4. I requested that he give me automatic renewals on the script--it is only 2.5 mg--because I have recently lost my job and health insurance and do not have the extra money for unneeded pet exams. When I got to the pharmacy, the script did not include renewals. I called the office and Stacey, the receptionist, said "don't worry about it, we will renew it at the end of the month." So, when I called back to get the renewal, Stacey told me that Dr. Cruz wanted Minnie to have lab work for $98 (he originally told me $198) before he renewed the script. I asked for what? She said, she didn't know. I re-explained that I am still unemployed and that when I find a job, I will bring her back in for an exam. Dr. Cruz got on the phone and immediately told me that he would not renew this script. As a health care professional for nearly 20 years, I asked him, "why do you need this blood work when this script is prevention....it will not cure a heart murmur?" He became angry and said that he did not want any liability. He further told me that my "unemployment status was not his problem." He said "I won't renew her meds unless you get the blood work. Sorry, I can't help you...".Then, he yelled, "get a job!!!!!" Then, he hung up! I called back and he answered and continued to scream at me. I asked again, what is the blood work for? He again refused to answer me and hung up once more. I am reporting his behavior to the Arizona Medical Examining Board. I have talked to two pharmacists and a doctor and all three told me that the script should have come with renewals for at least 90 days. I have been taking an ace for seven years and have a annual check up....my doctor gives me a six month supply. He is an ASS! He will only be friendly to you, if you can line his pocket.
This place is just as pretentious and uncomfortable as any uncomfortable and pretentious place I have ever had the displeasure of wasting my time and money. The food was boring, the service was unfriendly and almost non existent, parking was lousy, the food is overpriced, and the ambiance, if any, was drowned out by the incessant blaring music. This is the typical place where people with lap tops sit around discussing their greatest business and work ventures making sure everybody around them is, of course, aware how great they are and how cool they are. I don't recommend this place to any body that actually knows what good food is, what good ambiance is, and what good service is.
Be warned gluten.... Went for happy hour expecting to have GF food. Postinos said they could do gluten-free before we were seated. Come to find out they could only do olives truly gf once they found out it was a true allergy. We were told by several different people that many items were gluten free; such as the sandwiches, but upon further questions about the meats, cheeses, etcetera being GF, they took back their reassurances. Close call to being poisoned!
Stopped in for a Bloody Mary on Sunday because Hazelwood's and Zipps were jam-packed. The neon sign on the place says "Darwin's" but apparently is known as "Famous Wings." Here's a "joke" from the bartender: "What's the worse thing about being a Packers fan? Telling your dad you're gay." Bash Packers' fans all you want, but "gay" is not a synonym for "stupid." Food was sampled and left mostly uneaten. Skip it!
WORST FOOD EVER!! I went there for their lunch specials and got the sweet and sour chicken. The egg roll was great, but the sweet and sour chicken was horrible. The sauce had no flavor and ruined my entire dish. Depending on your liking, the there were very thick peices of chicken within the dish with very little breading. I personal enjoy breading with my sweet and sour chicken.
Blindly went to Taylor's with a friend on Sunday (had I known where we were going I would have recommended someplace else). I decided to be open minded and give them another try. I ordered an iced tea and the waffle, he got the poached eggs with hollandaise and a coffee. The server took our orders and returned with an OJ for me, forgivable offense - she took it away and brought me back a an iced tea. Then the incredible wait began... An hour later we finally flagged someone down to inquire on our food. He said he would check for us.. We never saw him again. There was a party of 3 and a party of 6 next to us, they both ordered after us and were almost done with their meal... Both parties were complaining about missing items, I overheard a bagel, a side of fruit and a waitress had all disappeared. At this point I was ravenous and we again went to find our server.. She finally brought our food, and it was horrible. The waffle was dry and tasteless and the poached eggs were drenched in hollandaise, thick greasy hollandaise that looked and tasted like it had been sitting on the plate for ages. Our horrible breakfast experience lasted 1:40 minutes. Ridiculous. I will not be returning, 3 strikes Taylor's you're out. I left a Yelp card on the table, hopefully they read this an make some improvements.
Literally one of the worst dining experiences ever. This restaurant is in our neighborhood and it looked so cute, I was very excited to get some breakfast and enjoy a beautiful day on their patio. We ordered after waiting for 15 minutes our waiter to even come to our table, we told him we were ready to order and he told us he would get us our drinks first. After waiting another 15 minute to get our ice tea, he finally took our order. Our food was brought to us by a women who looked like she clearly hated her job, she slammed the food on the table and walked away. As I went to take my first bite I noticed a long hair draped across my plate. ewwww. I could not find our waitress so I waited 5 minutes and had to flag someone else down, who apologized took my plate and walked away. Our waitress came back another 5 minutes later and asked where my food was, I told her what happened and she apologized and instead of offering to replace us, she told us she would get our check. wtf. I was blown away, I did not make a stink because I have worked in the service industry and I know you don't get anything when your rude.... but I wish I would have, because the owner or manager (I'm guessing)brought the bill and left a to go box for my sister. and that was that... they didn't even offer to replace my meal or comp it. This place is truly a joke, I will never go back.
The Great Escape is Closed. Now, unfortunately, it's the Little Woody. Another pretentious take over.
So... I went to this place off of word of mouth for goo thai food. I took my 2 sisters and a friend. Tea was really good so I thought we were off to a good start. My sister started off with cabbage raps that were over salted and not good. We all placed an order for different things so that we can get a feel for the restaurant. I ordered a noodle dish.... they brought me a rice dish. I was trying to tell the waiter that the dish was wrong and they were very rude and would not help me at all. I attempted to waive down another waiter and asked for a manager and they told me that he would not come out. After that My 9 months pregnant sister was served her sweet chicken.. (now keep in mind she is a little less patience then normal in this last month so not so easy to please).. gets her food and it was cold and bland and dry. She asked for them to fix it and got push back so then asked if can then order something else. The waitress said yes and then took the order. 15 Min goes by and she asked what was the eta of her food and the waitress said that they manager told her that she sent her food back and that he was not making her anything else....... Crazy right! SHE WAS VERY UPSET, NOT ONLY DID THEY SAY THAT THEY WOULD BUT THEN THEY DIDNT EVEN TELL HER THAT THEY WERE NOT GOING TO BRING HER ANYTHING ELSE. We asked to speak to a manager and then he came out from the kitchen and yelled at us to get out and leave that he will no longer serve us. I don't care how good the food is....THIS PLACE HAS THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE THAT I HAVE EVER SEEN. I HAVE WORKED FOR RESTURANTS AND HAVE NEVER HAD PEOPLE TREAT THERE CUSTOMERS THIS WAY!!!!!!
Ok, I have to try to take this star rating of this place down a little. For the sake of those that pick a place based on the ratings, I think I owe it to them. I have lived by this place for years and always wondered why they hadn't torn it down because it was empty, and then one night the place was packed. I was very intrigued. And then when my husband described his receptionist declaring the reopening like it was a state holiday (with tears in her eyes) I thought "I gotta get me some of that!" We decided to go on an off hour on a Saturday and there was still a 45 minute wait. I liked the old inside, the no need to upgrade attitude was just my style. All of the anxiously waiting people and being right near the kitchen while waiting...I was screaming on the inside with excitement for the sure pleasure my taste buds were about to be hit with....and then we were seated. First, no alcohol. OK, this is a newly reopened place and may not have their license yet (darn I wanted a margarita!), oh well diet coke it is. They bring out a 6 oz cup of drink, a little syrup container of salsa (cute!) and a bowl of chips. I finished the drink in two sips, the salsa had no flavor, and I avoided the chips after the drink because I think the server was a blackbelt in avoiding interaction once the order was placed. The food came (and finally a refill, which I should have asked for no ice because the ignoring annoyed me the most) and we began to chow down. My husband got the chili relleno and I got the cheese enchiladas. My first bite I thought "hmmm this reminds me of that frozen crap my mom used to try to pass off on me" and I looked across the table to see my husband eyeing my food and his food barely touched. Now, my husband is an ex football player with a huge appetite that used to eat oysters out of a can in college, so that tells you something about his meal. Mine was edible and we shared with an overwhelming violated feeling . Surprisingly the server was very quick with the bill. I tried to talk my husband into not tipping but he is a gentleman. When I got home I began listing friends that I trusted their opinions to go and tell me that we are absolutely crazy (one of which likes Spam) and should give it another shot. The overall rating...bland, cheap and the salsa scared one of them (she described it like ketchup). Bottom line, don't be fooled like me. The place is no good and should have stayed closed (and I really wanted to like it!).
Greasy, flavorless and unappealing. I will not go back here and recommend that you too find an alternate lunch stop.
SO this is another request for a half star system on yelp or negative star on yelp for places like this. OK...so I ordered pizza 11:28p.m. Told me it would be there in 35 minutes that equals 12:03a.m. Actual delivery 12:38a.m. AN HOUR AND TEN MINUTES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I got bone out Barbecue Wings and Apple Pies! I know not the healthiest food in the world but fuck I was hungry and there commercial came on. The unfortunate part about those two items is that they were both cold. I know for a fact that if your pizza and order from Pizza Hut shows up 5 minutes after it promised time it is free. I asked for my free stuff from the manager on duty (GERALDO) aka deuschbag! He was like that is not a policy but I know it is in any event pizza hut is the most expensive pizza delivery place so I payed like $24.00 for cold food. Did you know that the drivers only get .97 cents out of that $2.50 delivery fee...sucks for them I usually tip fat...this guy got my change!!! This sucked I am going to see if I can get another place to deliver to me.!!
DO NOT USE. Unrelenting phone solicitation even after being told multiple times to stop, to put us on their OWN do not call list. A complaint with the Federal Trade Commisssion is being filed, especially since our number has been on the list for over 31 days. I encourage anyone who has had the same experience to do the same. Go to the National Do Not Call Registry and file a complaint
my family and I have been going to spinato's for several years, so we where very exited when we found out their new location was only 4 blocks away from our home "WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT'' the menu is lacking some of their best dishes we ordered a pizza I don't know if they got new cooks or he was having a bad day I ordered the spaghetti with the side of meatballs and you only get 2 choices of sauce COME ON "spaghetti factory you can order the spaghetti with meatballs" I guess if you have to buy separate they charge you more money witch is ridiculous for frozen meatballs I took a bite and it was cold and wet inside I asked for the manager and he never came, I wonder how many of this reviews are from their friends and family this new restaurant does not measure up to the old one my family and I will not be going back
This is the single worst restaurant I've ever been to, anywhere. From the looks of the other reviews, I must have caught them on a bad night, but I swear to God, the tacos I had there tasted like spoiled meat. My friend and I couldn't stomach more than one bite each and were not satisfied by the restaurants lack of concern over our complaints. We were made to pay for inedible food and no attempt was made to make things right... And for the record, I've got no problems with 'real' Mexican food-- street vendors and the worst Mexican joints I've been to from LA to Ensenada to Cozumel, are all better than this place.
This is a difficult one, because I use to love Aunt Chilada's. So here's what happened yesterday. My family decided after much talk that we wanted mexican food, so I suggested AC, because even though I haven't been there in like 3 years, I us to love the food and service. When we arrived around 3pm, we notice that there were hardly anyone there, my husband thought that was strange. We decided to sit inside because the outside looked pretty lonely. The guy at the door directed us to the right of the restaurant, there were one group of two ladies, that were leaving and us... so we wait, and wait, and wait... then a group of about 4 people sat down, and we still waiting... I notice that we didn't even have water, we looked around and there were two girls sitting to what it looks like the back area, complaining and talking, I know cause they were loud. Out of know where comes this waiter and completely bypass us and went straight to the table that came after us... My husband looked at me got up and we left... that's when the waiter said hi... it was so bad. What I also noticed is how dirty this place is, the fixture have pounds of dust, everything is dusty and looks dingy, so my though was, what is going on here, my husband responded, if this place looks this bad, I wonder about kitchen... sad, so sad, WHAT HAPPENED TO AUNT CHILADAS...WE ARE NEVER COMING BACK. Down the street is Los Reyes de la Torta, is on a little strip mall, but the place is clean, service is impeccable and food was amazing... at least something good came out of all this.
REOPENED...new owner Dan ..Nice guy, knows nothing about how to run a business NOR FIX COMPUTERS! His electricity is NOT turned on because they just bought the business and don't have the $$ for the deposit yet. They work in the dark and then take your computer home. I was quoted a price to repair and upgrade my computer. It was NOT done as promised later that day nor 2 weeks later! He had me pick it up at his house and still my computer was not upgraded and he lost my power cord and "rigged" one up for me with black tape...Still waiting for the upgraded memory card he promised and my new card that I have NEVER RECEIVED..PLEASE stay away from this place! You are better throwing your laptop in the trash then taking it to this place!
Horrible service! Our waiter took 25 minutes to greet us and the busser apologized 3 times. The busser was great but you could tell very frustrated. I tipped the bus boy $20 just to make a point to the waiter and manger that the bus boy needs to replace the waiter. Steak fries came and were uncooked. Kathy the manager was very nice as well and could tell I was disappointed in the place. Spend the extra money and eat at the restaurant up top of the resort. The only reason we came here was because we were with kids and thought this would be more appropriate.
The view for this place is nice and their food tasted not too bad but the price just doesn't justify what you get. They have some of the smallest portions I have ever seen for a pretty penny. The waiter I had was a bit of a prick and I was forced to pay him basically a 40% tip. I dined in a party of 6 and they add a service charge on top of a 20% gratuity for parties of 6 or more. It's ridiculous and so not worth going to. I'm from LA so seeing overly priced food with so so service doesn't get high marks from me. I won't be coming back. You're really just paying for the view. I am so disappointed with this place.
I don't know folks. I see a lot of good reviews of this place here on Yelp but my experience at this restaurant was just awful! This is your typical mom and pop place. Normally these types of places are great. Not so with this one. We walked in and were seated promptly. We had a couple of questions about the menu and our food server could not answer any of them. One of the questions was "do you have margaritas"? She was so clueless she didn't even know if they served margaritas or not!!! Every question we asked she kept having to run into the kitchen to have answered. Finally an older lady had to come out and help her. The older lady told us our food server had only been there a week. You're there a week and don't know what type of drinks you serve among other things? The items we ordered were guacamole cheese crisp, shredded beef burrito enchilada style (red sauce) and machaca burrito with green sauce. The cheese crisp was cold and the tortilla they used had the consistency of pop tarts. Hard, greasy, horrible. It was the worst cheese crisp I've ever had. The shredded beef burrito was only filled about a quarter of the way and the beef was extremely dry and flavorless. It makes me nauseous thinking about it it was that bad. The machaca burrito was made using ground beef with spices. Not your typical machaca. We thought we were given an incorrect order but the food server advised us this is how they make their machaca. It is dried then ground. I would not visit here again. I've eaten at better Taco Bells. Do not eat at this restaurant.
I liked that they offer respray if you find critters within 21 days of spray, but after 3 months of service, have had to have re-sprays EACH month. Paying extra to treat for scorpions and there are now scorpions galore and worse than prior to exterminating... And to make matters worse, they give a 2-3 hour window to be home and twice now, have not met that window or bothered to call to let me know they were not going to make their time slot, leaving to to reschedule and play the "wait around for the bug guy" all over again. Do yourself a favor and find a more reliable company.
Why can't the attendant understand a simple direct question? Can someone please tell me just where the Hell I'm supposed to put my freakin' drink? and worst of all ... my balls don't fit in this place. *one extra star for the bartender offering me her personal lighter *minus the extra star for not having any matches
Not that impressed. Maybe I should have read other reviews from Google (http://maps.google.com/maps/place?hl=en&safe=strict&um=1&ie=UTF-8&q=suntown&fb=1&gl=us&hq=suntown&cid=9747720966802647969) Regardless, I took two white shirts and black capris in. Both shirts came back with stains still on them. I mention this because I took them to another cleaner and the stains were gone. Again, not impressed. :(
The only good thing about this place (other than it is walking distance to a resort that I frequent) are the waitresses and bartenders, who are cute and friendly. Otherwise the place pretty much sux. The food is mediocre at best. The vibe is lame. The worst part is that they do karaoke there alot, and it is loud and obnoxious. This place has pretty much run it's course. Time for it to close and re-open as something else. Hopefully under new ownership. And minus the karaoke.
Called about charges on my account that I did not authorize and after a long conversation with "Mike" where I was repeatedly told that I was wrong and he refused to do any thing but charge me additional fees, I was hung up on, Yes, hung up on. I did not swear, but did sound angry (and why shouldn't I be when they hand out my money and then want to charge me to correct it?!? ) I went to their Facebook page to express my disappointment, a post that was removed and then I was blocked so I could not repost, so that other unfortunate suckers will not see how truly terrible their customer service is and will continue to be treated like crap by this terrible institution. I have yet to be contacted by anyone about being hung up on, not even by email which I sent nearly 14 hours ago...... Well guess what scum bags - you cannot delete this. Enjoy your increasing number of complaints and decreasing amounts of money, you know, that stuff you need to stay in business... sincerely, someone who is sick of your long branch lines, hidden fees, and constantly crashing web site. Buh - there is one star because "no stars" is not an option.
OMG. 3 customers, 9 techs and still waiting over 1/2 an hour since my appt time. All the "free" techs are doing each others nails. Last time I come here.
Since new ownership in late summer of 2013 this once excellent restaurant is a shell of what the former owner built. I have lived in Moon Valley for 30+ years and the Bamboo house was a once a week stop. I will never return! Food quality has diminished, portion size diminished, bland flavor. Take out containers barely 3/4 full. I would welcome to discuss my thoughts with new owners as I am NOT the only one who believes this. My neighbors have the same feelings on the recent downfall of this once neighborhood favorite.
Do not buy tires from Fletcher. They do not warrant the tires they sell. I bought a set of tires with a hazard warranty and the tires began to split. The tires were manufactured by Firestone. I researched Firestone tires and they have had major lawsuits and Ford actually dropped them as a supplier just last year. Firestone had been with Ford for 94 years. Fletcher would not cover my tires which I purchased less than 2 1/2 years ago because of the splitting of the tire. I will NEVER buy another tire from Fletcher and neither should you.
Just horrible. Tea was rancid and curry was sour rather than sweet-hot. Waiter pushed back when I sent the bad food away. I recommend bypassing this place. I will never go back.
Incompetence and Lies - I just moved to Phx and needed to find a veterinarian, groomer, and boarding facility for my dog. After searching the Internet and reading hundreds of reviews, I booked an appointment at DCAH for vaccinations and grooming, plus a tour of the boarding facilities. We arrived early and were taken to an exam room, where a technician performed the standard temperature and heart rate exam, etc. We were told to wait for the vet, who would be in to administer the shots. Thirty five minutes later, I went back to the front desk to inquire as to whether my dog could still be groomed, since the vet was running late and we were now 20 minutes into the grooming appt. The front desk staff asked for my name and whether we were in an exam room!! They apologized profusely, stated they were running behind, and the doctor would be in to see us shortly. We returned to the exam room, and an older technician with long red hair came in to apologize again and to tell me that there had been a "surgical emergency" that was keeping the doctor, but that the doctor would be in within 5 minutes. Note that she did this with a straight face. I asked her to find out how long the grooming would now take, as I had other plans for the afternoon. She returned to tell me I could leave my dog and pick him up around 3pm. I advised her to cancel the grooming, as this was not acceptable. If they can't even keep track of who is waiting to see the vet, do they honestly think I am going to leave my precious pet in their care? The vet did arrive approximately 5 minutes later, and asked if I had been told what happened. I advised that the staff explained there had been a surgical emergency. The vet said "No, there was no emergency." The vet advised me that the initial technician who was supposed to notify her that we were waiting "dropped our paperwork" and therefore never told her we had been waiting, now for 45 minutes. She did a 30-second once over on my dog, administered the shots, and inquired as to why I had told the front desk to forgo the grooming. I explained that I did not want to wait until 3pm for him to get a bath and haircut, and would not leave him unattended. The doctor seemed genuinely sorry for the problem (as I am sure she hates seeing potential long-term customers bolt for the door due to the incompetent support staff and doesn't like finding out they are liars.) She offered to have a technician give my dog a quick bath and nail trim for free as compensation, but I declined. She was very insistent that she wanted to compensate me somehow, so I agreed to allow her to clip my dog's nails for free, thinking she would do it herself. She directed me to the front desk to checkout,where I was charged $46 for an "exam" that really didn't occur and another $75 for three shots I could have obtained elsewhere for a third the price. To top it all off, a technician behind the desk again "apologized" for the emergency surgery that had delayed the vet, another lie. Yet another technician then came out with my dog, at which point I learned that the vet had not personally done his nails. Had I known he was being passed off to this support staff, I never would have let him out of my sight. There was a time when I would have demanded that these two lying technicians and the veterinarian stand together and offer an explanation as to why they think it is acceptable to not tell the truth to their paying customers. As I've grown older, I've learned that it does no good to confront a liar; some people just don't have any qualms about looking into my eyes and lying, and nothing will ever change them. Now, I let my money do my talking. Speaking of which, they didn't even have change when I tried to pay my bill with two one-hundred dollar bills. Really, a business that large without $74 change on a Saturday afternoon? May God help the poor animals entrusted to the care of these people; mine will certainly never be one of them.
It's a supermarket. I just go in buy what I need and get out. It's convenient that there's a wells fargo in there, but there's one across the street as well. To the negative experience..... My sister was speaking to my niece, but not in english. Some caucasian lady walks by and rudely says, "Can't you speak english?" WTF?!? Is this taking SB 1070 in your own hands? It's like you're trying to make every race hate you even more. I will run into this arrogance wherever I go. I'm not done yet. Keep on reading.... My niece had a dollar in her hand and was pointing at the lottery scratcher machine. We know you have to be of a certain age to play it. One of the employees there rushes over and in a loud voice tells me niece she can't play it. Calm down. Kids are just innocent and don't need this extra verbal abuse in their lives. Don't you have something better to do like restock the shelves? Swear... Racial profiling.
what is it with my luck paying money for services that fail to fix my problem? I went in to Big O Tires after seeing an advertisement on their window for an A/C check. After driving around 2 wks in a hot as hell car I said enough is enough and gave them a call to diagnose the problem. I was told that I was almost a pound low on freon and sent on my way. Yay! Cheapest option, right? Wrong. So very very wrong. Unfortunately I dropped by an hour before closing so I'm guessing I was rushed out while they were closing shop. They either never checked the air coming out of my vents for themselves or they KNEW they were ripping me off $150. As I pulled into my driveway 15 minutes later my car was no cooler at all. Next day I book it there to see what they could do since I just dropped some cash there. "Come in Saturday and my A/C guy will take a look." Fine. Come Saturday I'm praying for a leak somewhere. Hey! I paid $15 for flourescent dye! It better prove useful. 30 minutes later and I'm told it is low. "So it leaked since Monday?" I asked. "Monday?" "Yes. I brought it in Monday and paid for an evac and recharge." He had no idea. Smell something fishy yet? So he takes it back again and looks it over finally coming back to say he was wrong about it being low (REEEEEAAALLY FISHY) and it is either one of two parts. I was referred to a shop for them to check as they couldn't do it there but they couldn't refund me for the evac and recharge. However I could have this shop do the repairs and Big O wouldn't charge for the second evac and recharge that would have to be done on my car. First off... nobody would let someone leave their shop after doing work only to have someone else finish the job. WTF. So here I am now spending a grand for a new A/C today when $29.95 was supposed to diagnose this a week ago. If you are feeling charitable, at least pick a more honest organization to throw your hard earned money at. Now if you excuse me, I have a district manager to write.
I called prior to going to see what type of pedicures they offered and was told over the phone they had a VIP pedicure that included a sugar scrub wax and callus remover. When I arrived I had to ask three times what pedicure packages I could get and was told basic. I felt like I was inconveniencing them and wasn't even offered upgrades like the sugar scrub or design! I practically had to force her to do the callus remover and left with my heels still feeling rough!
My issue is with Dr. O'sullivan. She's straightforward, no sugar coating, no emotion, no small talk, just strictly to the point. That's usually not my go to type of doctor but besides the personality factor I didn't have any other reason to switch at the time. I guess I should have gotten worried when she prescribed Zoloft for me because I was "depressed". I've never been treated for depression nor had any other doctor ever bring it up. I was young, unmarried, still in school and pregnant with horrible morning sickness. Would you be thrilled? I did not take the Zoloft, which now has a huge law suit for birth defects! She also wanted to give me zofran for my morning sickness which I refused to take as well. I went into labor at the hospital at 8pm and dilated until about 4 am that morning. Dr. O'sullivan didn't show up until almost 6am. My daughter sat in the birth canal so long that when she was born she was not breathing. My heart dropped when I didn't hear my baby crying. What did the doctor do? Nothing! Absolutely nothing. She stood there looking so confused. The nurses ran the baby over to the table and called a code. Other nurses literally ran in and revived my daughter getting her to breathe. Dr . O'sullivan did not even touch my daughter once while all that happened she just watched. If it wasnt for the amazing staff at good Sam my daughter would not be here or may have had long term effects. Even worse is that the same thing happened to my cousin. Dr O'sullivan was her OB and took a very long time to show up at the hospital as well. My cousin had already had two children so she knew the risks of waiting and told the hospital she's not waiting anymore so go get the doctor on staff. The dr at the hospital delivered her baby with no problems but just imagine if she had waited for Dr. O'sullivan to show up what could have happened.
Beware! They will try to push you into bankruptcy as this is more lucrative for them.
My 76 year old mother went in to buy replacement pads for her pool vacuum and was treated extremely rudely by Bob. He was the only person there, busy, and spoke in an ornery tone. I was on the phone listening to him yell and just talk like a jerk to my mom and other customers. Bob needs some anger management classes. And this store needs to ditch Bob in place of someone who can be polite and knows a thing or two about customer service. NEVER patronizing this store again.
I cancelled my appointment after waiting over 8 months to be seen because I cannot trust to receive proper care when the office won't even send you a call, email, text or letter to confirm your appointment. I am a physician myself and cannot believe the office handles scheduling so poorly. I hope the medical care would justify the wait for an appointment but the poor image left by the front office is enough to not want to do business with them.
Now that Dr. Chad Campbell no longer with this group, i can say that i tried another doctor there and just not happy at all :( really bummed!!
You lost me at "uh if it's empty we probably don't have any more, or at least we uh usually don't but we might". Really? You are a manager and your first inclination when a customer asks if you have an item in stock in the back is to say you're probably out? I know how you work Whole Foods. I know how disorganized (and usually filthy your back rooms are) and you all like to act like you can't do anything if something is out on the shelf. I would think if you are going to overcharge for a "bunch of junk" (in the words of John Mackey, CEO) then you could at least offer excellent customer service. But, no. Oh well. I will find the item elsewhere and I won't be back. Every time I'm at Trader Joe's or Sprouts they are super helpful, and refuse to let me leave unhappy. Whole Foods could care less.
If I could rate 0 I would. I called at 10:55 to place an order the guy answers and says can u call back when we're open and hangs up. I call exactly at 10:59 to place an order I go pick up my I take it back to have lunch this pizza is so salty. I couldn't eat it.
They ripped us off! They placed a Val-Pak electronic coupon in which if you buy $40 worth of food, you receive a $10 credit. We ate our dinner, received our check, gave the electronic Val-Pak coupon with code and scan symbol and the Manager refused to honor it, saying the owner instructed him not to, and it had to be printed out. Nowhere on the coupon did it say that it had to be printed out and again it contained the OCR scan symbol and an alternate code for the cashier. They called the Police Department on us! Even the Manager acknowledged that it was misleading but his "hands were tied" by the owner. Bad experience.....left a very bad taste in our mouth about this owner and his business and we will never return. I do also see several other reviews on this place that comment on the owners poor behavior towards his employees, and failure to make good on his "special offers". I do also remember when the sandwiches in this place contained a lot more steak, and were considerably less expensive. The value has definitely gone downhill and it in my opinion the owner is getting more and more negative and hardcore in his attitude towards his customers and employees. Very disappointed in the downward turn.....
Im only giving 1 start because I can't give 0. The waitress was pleasant and extremely helpful, but not dressed appropriately. The Food was inedible. We ordered a Philly Cheesesteak Sandwich and a Steak&Fries. The sandwich was bland, the cottage cheese tasted rancid, and the fries were way overdone. We ordered the steak medium rare, and it came well done, tough, and smothered in pepper (no other flavor at all). When we sent it back, the replacement was Raw inside, and grey. We did not feel safe eating it. The manager comp'd the steak (but not the fries!) and we were not thrilled but then it got worse. As we were towards the end of the (spectacularly disappointing) meal, a live baby roach ran across my fiance's plate. This is unacceptable and I will be reporting this place to the AZ Department of Health
This place was referred to me by my friend's neighbor. I was told the prices were good and the sales people were knowledgeable. What I wasn't told was this place operates like a used car lot. There is an "up" system and you are basically treated like a piece of meat. The sales person was very pushy and made me feel like I was obligated to make the purchase there because of the time that I spent with them. The prices were average when compared to the other locally owned independent stores. I was basically almost strong armed into putting down a deposit. It takes me a lot to write negative reviews but I am hoping this review will help prevent this experience from happening to someone else.
Very very odd place. Will not be returning, extremely loud, forget having a conversation with anyone. We were by the front door and this stage on the other end of the bar, and still couldn't hear each other. Def a dive bar. Mostly men, keep a close eye on your wife or girlfriend. They'll be snatched if you're not careful. Lots of HOG members and other motorcycle clubs present. This crowd makes me somewhat nervous, and my husband is a 250lb biker.
I can't believe there aren't 100 other reviews on here! This place was THE WORST! I will not return here nor will I reccomend it! I walked it with 2 bags full. I went to the back where there were 2 employees finishing up with another lady. I should've taken it as a hint when the lady said " No I'll just take my stuff and sell it on Craigslist. I can get more out of it that way!" I stayed to wait it out. Big mistake! The lady left with her stuff. The 2 employees didn't even acknowledge me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Instead they proceeded to talk crap about the lady that just left! Their exact words "What makes them think we even care? Take it or leave it. I don't care" Hello! I was standing there! They still didn't speak to me as I got up and left! Other mothers! You suck! Hire people who CARE....who WANT to work!!!!!!!! I went to Kid To Kid on Tatum & Thunderbird.....SO MUCH BETTER!
My contractor was illegally detained at this location this week. An overly enthusiastic plain clothes (cop?) with a picture of a badge on his cell phone accused my contractor, and friend of theft (and later changed his tune to say fraud). With a receipt in his pocket for the roofing materials that he 'stole' that this private dick refused to look at aggressively cuffed him and shoved him around to the back room and interrogated him for well over an hour before Phx Police came on site. His shoulder was hurt, the cuffs were on so tight circulation was lost in his hands, and all the while a full paid receipt for all the goods was in his pocket. Right before the police arrived he finally looked at the receipt and said "Its from yesterday you thief!! You lying thief!!" This date on the receipt was Sept 5 2013. Guess what day it was....Sept 5. Now, the rentacop changes his tune and said " I never said you stole, you are committing fraud" Once Phx PD was on site, they quickly realized that there was no crime, no theft, no fraud and demanded my contractor be released, which he was. But he continued to be harassed and threatened by this guy. they also tried to keep my roofing materials, which the PD wouldnt let them do. I just bought a house down the street. I am remodeling it starting with the roof, then the paint, then the flooring, then the bathrooms. I was set to spend 30-40k at this store in the next 3mos. now, that money is going to Lowes on FLW down the street. They screwed up bad. I have also offered the services of my (very good) attorney to my contractor, and that ball has started to roll. This went well beyond normal detainment/suspicion and civil action will be prompt.
Noticed the Big WORLD'S FAMOUS GYRO sign out front. walked in, very nice and friendly staff. awesome service. Unfortunately the gyro I got was really soggy, the meat and sauce was everywhere, not fresh, and the bread had a very distinct burnt taste to it. The fries were gross... I don't know what went wrong with this place, but it was packed out with people eating awesome looking salads.... I guess I ordered the wrong thing
Went to get my dog's food at the Pet Food Depot (Cave Creek/Grovers) and I saw a bunny in a cage on the floor, scared. He/she had food and a carrot but no water. I told an employee and after a bunch of "that's not my rabbit" comments, finally someone gave the bunny water. The sweet young man who checked me out told the manager that a customer wanted to buy 2 parakeets. The manager said to put them in a paper bag because they're out of boxes...really, a paper bag? The young man said the customer specifically wanted the birds in a box and the manager said "we don't have any boxes, should I grab one from the sky" and walked off. What a huge turn-off! I found out that the manager is the owner's son. I have been coming here for 8 years and this was my last trip here. There is a store a little further away (Western Ranchman at 32nd St/Paradise) that sells the same specialty dog food I buy, so they will be getting my business from now on. I have always been treated well here but after the flippant comments from the staff in front of a loyal customer, they obviously do not care about me or the animals they sell.
Wondering if the two pair deal is too good to be true? It is. I went in on a Thursday afternoon. Two people were working and there was only one other customer in the store. One employee greeted me and then returned to he desk to play on his cell phone. I shopped for about a half hour trying on frames and finally left because no one would help me. The moral of the story: no one will help you if you are standing by the $79 frames.
Was there awhile back. Food was just average. However the reason for my 1star review- On my way out i ordered a piece of chocolate cream pie to take out. When I got home I opened the box and inside was a dried up piece of pie. Literally. I put my fork into the whipped cream and the entire whipped cream came off in one piece. Underneath the chocolate was dried and cracked. It was the consistency of something that sat for 2 weeks in an arid place. Im not making this up. The pie had to have been a couple of weeks old. What bothered me though was that waitress HAD to have known the pie was old. The staff HAD to have passed it several times over the weeks. I was floored. I threw it out cause it was too late to drive back there. Da did they think I wouldn't notice! Will never go back there because that wasn't just a mistake. They didn't want to loose money so they sold me it to instead. And they are famous for their pies. What a laugh
They put packing tape on my brand new car! It doesn't have pieces blowing in the wind, so the tape was unnecessary and left adhesive on the paint around the back wiper and the tire cover. To add insult to injury, it took nearly half an hour even though there was no line, and the employees let the car dry completely before they pretended to wipe it off, so there were water spots everywhere. They also didn't even attempt to wipe off the adhesive from the tape. It seems reasonable to expect that your car will be cleaner after a car wash than before, but not at this place.
Yesterday evening I went thru the Drive Up window and experienced the most rude behavior from a female employee...I will not frequent that place ever again
horrible customer service. waited 20 minutes to get my eyebrows done as a walk-in. they kept telling me just two minutes. they took 6 people ahead of me. so i stood up a collected my keys and wallet from the chair next to me and they didn't say a word so i just walked out. and there was dust everywhere. will never go back! if i could post no stars, i would.
Waited long enough in line to write this review with 15 min extra to spare. Oh, yeah. There is no line. I'm just standing here at the counter with cash in hand as every employee here wonders around aimlessly. Use the oreilly's auto parts across the street.
I have been a customer for over 12 years, but the place has been on the downhill slide for years. They closed the location on indian school years ago, for the same reasons. Those reasons are many now. I stopped back in after being away from Julio G's Take out. Had 2 beef tacos and rice.... The rice is very plain and has gotten more gringo over the years which equals bland. The taco's had a nice shredded beef filling and was better than 2 years ago. But the salsa bar has been reduced to salsa given out on plastic topped cups. Bad news is you have to ask for more all the time if you like the sauce, the hot is far from hot any gringo can use it. Bad news one person taking orders during lunch service in take out and service said orders. Cleanup needs to be focused on here... They have forgotten to do this. Yes, a long term customer is seeing another location in slow spiral down the drain.
Usually out of bagels by 10:30. Went up the street to Tatum and Shea and even though it was packed they had every flavor bagel. Won't be coming to this one anymore.
Their is nothing lower than one star or even negative. Where to start? FOOD- NOT GOOD, the staff specially Miriam is SUPER NICE(GO TO THE DINNING ROOM, FIRST FLOOR) CLEANLINESS-Over the surface cleaning and the common areas, usually the first floor. Cover your nose if you go to the second floor! CARE-2 girls (TOTALLY WORTH IT) out of at least 30 i have met. HORRID ODDS not to mention that they have 15-25 patients to 1 nurse. And they split patients from one wing to another on the other wing of the building. WHAT? Really! When I ask how my dad is doing; NO ONE KNOWS! It's usually a I just got here, or a plain "I don't know". Don't they have charts? BATHS- Dogs gets better and more loving baths, I SAW it since I was in the bathroom/bath area. INJURIES: Just NEVER heals, goo on top of goo. ACTIVITIES: I gotta give it to the lady in charge of that she does A TON if the residents want to join. OVERALL: Think about how you would want you mom or dad to be taken care off. And if you are a selfish person and you don't care about your parents. KARMA IS A B#&^!(@ So good luck when you get old! I sure know why I am not a Doctor, Economist, Mechanic, Arquitect to name a few... it's cause I SUCK! Why choose to be in a field like this if you are not CUT for it? I am sure you can go somewhere else and make $10 an/hr! Looking for a different location currently! WHAT A SHAME this PLACE is OVERALL. The 4 people i have met are not enough to make this location worth while anyones time! If you want to get back at your parents, or a friend PUT them here! They might keep them alive... BUT that's about it! Most of the people here are not terminal! They are just old, and have no one to look after them around the clock. They are here to have someone help them with basic needs and maybe show a bit of love while they are here.
My family has been going to Cathedral for all of their automotive needs for a few years, faithfully. But after hearing how they bilked my Mom today, none of us will be going back. After she had her 30,000 mile service yesterday ($235.00) she noticed that her A/C was not working when she left. She called Cathedral and they told her to bring the car back in. So, today she brought it in and was told that there is a hole in the A/C hose. She explained that it was working fine when she brought the car in and did not understand why this had happened. Should't testing the A/C be part of the service? Or maybe they could have told her that she was low on freon? Or that the hose was bad? NO, the guy told her that this was a common thing with her make of car. They told her that it would be $150.00 for the part. That $150.00 turned into $313.00 when they were done and now my Mom who is 75 and on Social Security will have to do without, because these guys f'd up. Thanks Cathedral...for ripping off a old lady.
Dirty, gross, not fun at all. I love a good cowboy just like the next woman - but the night I went it was filled with a bunch of kids with no shoes on, walking around on the grossest carpet I have ever seen - why a bar would have carpet is beyond me. Gross!
I found a thin rope in my donut!!! Not very clean, I would say!
Very poor and non friendly service Price are outrageous. I don't understand why people shop here unless the enjoy paying high prices and enjoy non friendly employees. But, I guess there is a store for everyone.
I'm literally yelping 10 minutes after leaving this place because it really blows ass.... This is even bad by shitty strip mall sushi standards. I wanted to make it my neighborhood cheap sushi place (cuz its nice to have a cheap sushi place where they know you and you know that its not gonna be great but it'll do when you want sushi and dont wanna spend too much), but this ain't it.... First off, I have a thing about filling out the stupid fucking check sheets all cheap, shitty sushi bars want you to fill out. NUMBER ONE, THEY HAVE ALL THE NAMES THEY MADE UP OF ALL THE SHIT THEY MAKE BUT NO EXPLANATION OF WHAT THEY ARE! WHAT THE HELL IS A SUNSHINE ROLL ANYWAY? So, I sit down, introduce myself with a smile and ask the name of the sushi guy. I explain that I'd rather just have him tell me whats fresh and explain what kinds of things I like and would he mind just taking care of if. Simple enough in a empty goddamn sushi bar right? NO!!!! He basically tells me, if you don't fill out my stupid fucking directions, I'm not smart enough to prepare you sushi. Not wanting to be a complete butt hole and stand up, leave and go to Yasu where they have a clue (a decision I am now regretting) I smile, fill out the sheet and wait for what I expect, the same ol shit you get at every strip mall sushi bar in the country..... To cap it off, my girl and I had one cocktail each, a total of 2 nigiri orders and 4 rolls...... IT WAS $100 DOLLARS.... I HAVE NO PROBLEM SPENDING EVEN TWICE THAT MUCH. BUT FOR A CRAP VERSION OF STRIP MALL SUSHI??? NO WAY... THIS PLACE JUST BLOWS... NOT A JAPANESE GUY EXISTS WITHIN TWO BLOCKS OF THIS PLACE...THE CLOSEST JAPANESE GUY IS TWO BLOCKS AWAY AT YASU. HELL, THERE ISNT EVEN A KOREAN GUY IN THIS PLACE.... RIDICULOUS....
I feel bad for the low rating b/c the lady who works the drive thru late nights has been there since my hubby & I were in HS & she is super sweet but ugh, I GOT FOOD POISONING HERE! It was 1am Christmas day, or the day after if you wanna get technical, and we were all hungry after some drinking & other 'festivities". Jack in the crack is 1 of the only places by us open 24 hours, so the boys went on a food run. That morning at about 5am I got so sick. I thought maybe it was the alcohol but I only had 2 glasses of wine & 1 glass of champagne, nothing crazy. When I couldn't stop throwing up that entire day, had the chills & body aches, my husband said it had to be food poisoning. I will never eat here again, or at least for a long time, no matter how hungry at 1am I am. All the pain I was in was not worth it!
I read the other reviews, I don't see how they earn a three star. Maybe their attitude change for the worest; maybe its the summer heat, In my book that owner lady is definately NOT FRIENDLY !!! she is a bitch !!, she brought out the wrong oder, we took a few bit before we realizing it was not what we ordered, she insisted we pay for it anyway - because we already eat it (three bits worth). The man is nicer, he came out and take care of our complain. The food is pretty much like other Americanized chinese restaurant. - Cheap and plenty. As for me, I won't be back here again; plenty Other good Chinese restaurant to choose from.
This was some of the worst sushi I've ever had, especially for the money. I could barely get it down. The place is dumpy and depressing inside. All around terrible.
We ate at Rennick's restaurant, with some eager anticipation because we were hungry and the menu looked decent, and it was our only option (nothing else within walking distance of hotel). We sat outside in the lovely and peaceful courtyard by the fountain. The waitress was very earnest and sweet. I ordered a Tuna MELT with sweet potato fries. Everything on the plate was cold, though the plate was warm. There was a sprinkle of cheese on the top that looked like it was broiled for 20 seconds to brown, but even that was cold. I asked the waitress to have them re-heat the sandwich, and maybe put a little more cheese on the top. She returned with the cold sandwich and cold fries. She told me that the chef said 'that's how the sandwich is supposed to be'. She even came out with another waitress that affirmed that the tuna melt is supposed to be cold: "it's a tuna salad and comes cold". I pointed out that my fries were cold. The waitress reached over and grabbed one from my plate and said "yeah, it is cold! I'm sorry." She came back later and said that the manager was running to a meeting but would take 10% off for me 'for the inconvenience.' I would have rather had some warm food! I tried to be a good sport and eat it, but it was unappetizing so I left it uneaten. Having to (mostly) pay for the food I did not eat, with not even a token attempt from the restaurant to try and fix it or get me something I liked? Total let down.
Cancelled flight at the last minute!!!!! not because of weather, but because of eqipment failure. the agents were very helpful but that doesnt take away the annoyance of "no more flights today".
Im going to have to agree Whole heartedly. And i informed the manager of it as well. I picked this one because it was close to the Airport and the Light Rail. The noise from the Airport wasnt to bad. But it was the Train Horns all NIGHT LONG and ALL MORNING when your trying to sleep. I wouldnt pick this one, the neighborhood wasnt bad despite what people say. But the Train noise is just unbearable. I got it for the Click 6 rate which was reasonable. Stay Elsewhere. I should of picked one further down that was right off the light rail.
This place is overrated. My taco shell was so greasy, I ordered a taco salad with shredded beef and got big giant hunks of beef. One time was enough for me, won't be back
Save your money, gas, and time. Over priced and food took way too long to get to our table. I went once before and it was ok the second time I was sad I spent date Night here with friends. I was embarrassed we suggested this place. You want great chicken go to Lolos in Phoenix! Sorry.
I had been looking forward to trying this place out for awhile. However, I shouldn't have. I ordered the brisket and pulled pork dinner and it came with a side, so I ordered mashed potatoes. The meat was below average and didn't taste fresh. The mashed potatoes were not good either. The dinner roll that is used to put the meat on for the pulled pork was the only thing that was decent. I did not care for the bbq sauce. I ordered the cherry cobbler but thew it out after one bite. I do NOT recommend this restaurant. If you want good bbq, go to Little Miss BBQ!
THE BIGGEST SCAM Ever! I went there because I needed a 'cheap' price on a rental. They told me $139.00 and charged me $294.00!!! Go to a real car rental place. 2003 Taurus for $294.00 a week with 160,000 + miles? I could have bought that POS.
Be very careful! Our trip package included a three day rental at Budget. We decided to opt for insurance as one person driving was not insured. Quoted $50/day for the insurance. Then we were "upgraded" to a midsize car for "only $10 more." When I objected to the ugly old GPS they forced us to take since we already had a new GPS, I was told, "You HAVE to take it. It is included with the package." So you think, an extra $180 isn't great but doable. Then you get your credit card bill which is a whopping $320. When I called to complain, they said that there was a $45 charge for the GPS and $15 for roadside service and a completely insane (like 40%) tax rate. And that I should have declined it if I didn't want it. (Believe me, I tried--they just kept insisting it was included.) My advice--decline everything when renting a car from this company. Or renting a car in Phoenix period.
Take a number and wait. I've had a 12+ hour day of training and airline hell, now I get to wait an hour for what will be a substandard rental car. There are 10 rental stations and only 5 CSR's manning them. Horrendous customer service. My company arranged this rental so I have no choice this time. But Budget - especially this location - will never get my personal rental car business.
Arrived tonight just after our scheduled time and found ourselves grabbing a number like at the dmv. I've come here once before a few years ago and this was not the case. Waited for 45 minutes before getting helped (which for us was 17 tickets being called), and was given a measly response as to why they were the only car rental company in the place with a line like that (we have more cars than everyone else, it's spring training). One woman's job appeared to be shouting out the next number and being rude to the people who couldn't get the ticket thing to work (it stopped working twice while we were waiting and both times she didn't say a word to the very nice people who approached her and said they couldn't grab a number). I went up to ask her a question when they turned off the "cars available" sign and she made me feel super great with her initial slow blink and one word responses. Great choice for customer service! We were assigned a car after the standard up-sell attempts and walked down to the lot to find no car in our spot. Two people in the lot were extremely nice and helpful and got us another car right away but it was done so hastily and without checking with anyone that I wondered if that's what happened to our car in the first place. After being told we would have a full tank of gas and agreed to bringing it back that way, the car was at a solid 3/4 tank. It was bad enough I don't plan on using Budget ever again.
The only reason Phoenix New times is still around is because it's free. Their strip club supporters and ads is whats keeping them in business. No one with any common sense would buy Phx new times paper if it was for sale. They call anyone who is against illegal immigration. Bigots. lol The only good story i read on Phx new times is the story about lifelock.com. How it is a scam and that the owners ID was stolen many times. I guess showing your SSN on national TV is a good way to become a victim of ID theft. other than that. story after story about how much they hate Sheriff Joe and all anti illegal people.
After months of passing this place and wanting to try their food, we finally made it to KKL. What we weren't expecting from this place was the very pricey menu for fish, shrimp and chips (french fries from a bag, I'm sure)! The shrimp was different and tastey, I had 4 pieces with chips and also a side of mushrooms. Chris had clams, chips and a side of cole slaw and of course we ordered the hushpuppies which everyone raves about. This meal was close to $30 dollars! Some people may feel that isn't bad for lunch at a seafood place, however for the area the food, which isn't like just from the ocean, it's from a bag - it's way too much money and your gut will feel like a grease pit after eating here! My advice, skip this place if you can!
Crappy food, servers seem like drug addicts. Crab legs are over priced, precut and frozen. Go elsewhere for seafood.
Another poor experience at ole PHX. New to me is that the car rental facility is not on airport property, it's about a 20 minute bus ride which I think is actually in New Mexico. So in addition to my previous observations, you can add another hour to your day if you plan to rent a car. For an international airport, they sure act like a small city airport...
Got to the security checkpoint and it was a really long line. Then I heard a guy checking bags acting really rude and yelling at us about having to do extra bag checks because we're stupid. So then the line had like 70-100 people in line because they were doing a shift change. The line didn't move for 20 minutes AND a worker came to our side of barriers and started yelling and saying we have too many bags and we don't follow instructions when they scan our items. Worst of all, he told us all that it was our fault if we miiss our flights since we didn't know what we were doing. They took their sweet time, kind of chatting it up during their "shift change. A guy finally said something and the worker got even louder saying that people talk shit to him all day and the customer wasn't going to ruin his day. The regular man didn't say anything but the worker kept going and going. PHX definitely needs to get a hold on the behavior of their employees.... and I almost missed my flight! I made it just in time for final boarding.
Very bad customer service! Evelyn in food section had terrible customer service, Kim in tickets was very rude!!!!! No one there smiles but one security guard. The rest looked liked they hated there job! No manners! No help! I'd rather pay tufesa or El Paso Los Angeles limo bus then these jerks!
the fist time ever ridding a bus......st Los Angeles statio where i was leaving from was great. But when i arrived to phoenix i had the most horrible experience. The lady name Elsa or some thing like that was ordering tacos while i was in front of her face. I was tiring to get to Tucson Arizona i just wanted to buy a ticket and the lady did not listen she was really rude.... not riding grey hound ever in my life again the bus was nasty, smelled bad, to crowded, loud ,GHETTO.
I have bringing my car here for service every 5000 miles for 4 years. They are consistently slow and give no information as to the progress. Simple service such as an oil change will take up to 4 hours when the car is dropped off first thing in the morning. I will not be coming here for service again. This happens every time.
Terrible Service,,,my advice = avoid this dealership at all cost. I took in my Ford vehicle running on it's jump-started dead $120 FORMOCO 100 month warranty battery at age 40 months. No cars in service line, 6+ service advisor's standing around plus the "Service Manager", all doing nothing at 10AM. I was told I would have to wait until late in the day for a mechanic to check battery for $75.00 and if found defective Parts would replace it prorated. I complained that if it was a NAPA, O'Reilly or Walmart, etc. battery it would be checked immediately by any available employee, replaced by same and I'd be on my way. I have done this many times US wide. Nope, No, Nada!! Did I want to wait or get a ride? I said neither!! I removed the battery myself, took it to parts counter where it was exchanged for a new same battery for $58. I replaced my battery and left. ANGRY. What took me 15 minutes was to have taken me about 6 hours because of this Ford Dealer's stupid "policies"...no wonder China is kicking our US Butts. Hello, Ford Motor Co!!!!!!! Goodbye Bell Ford in Phoenix, AZ.
If they get your phone number you're toast. I've asked to be taken off their list numerous times. Since you can purchase the same vehicle at another Ford dealership, I'd highly recommend doing so.
I agree with the first two reviews!!This is the worst dental office ever. The office staff had me leave without a ride after being under gas for three hours. I was found walking north on Tatum full of blood and crying. Thankfully my daughters drove past me (they were going to the dentist office to check on me.) This dentist didn't inform me the consequences of doing full dentures at 37, I suffered from malnutrition as a result from not being able to eat. Still cant eat over a year later. Dentures don't fit. life ruining dentist!
The sales team and pricing were great, they always showed up on time and were very thorough and responsive with my questions. The lead time from when I ordered the windows to installation was minimal and just as they estimated. Unfortunately we just did not have a great experience with the installation. They cut the hardwires of our alarm system in the process of removing the windows, as opposed to just taking the extra 30 seconds to remove the pads attached to the window frames. As a result we had to have the entire house rewired at the cost of $600. True View's response was to tell me that we were responsible for dealing with the alarm beforehand and that it was noted on the second page of the contract (which, for whatever reason, I never received a copy of after I signed, so never had a good chance to sit and read it thoroughly). I see their point and understand that it's probably something I should have thought to prepare for beforehand, but I just find it inexcusable that the installers never questioned it and hastily cut through wires to what was clearly a functioning system without asking me first, when I was there in the house. I also would have appreciated someone mentioning it to me during one of the earlier sales or measuring visits to my home, when I would have had weeks to prepare. On top of that, I was told during the measurement visit that the installers would be bringing insulating spray foam to fill in a nearly 4" gap that would be left around a patio door replacement. When I asked the installation crew, they said they didn't have it with them, and in fact never carried it on their truck as standard practice. So I had to drop everything and quickly run out to buy some myself before they left. I just expected a higher level of service and care from True View, and unfortunately I don't think I'll go back to them for the rest of my window replacement project.
So far taking four times to fix patio door that they just put new rollers on an had to cut a little off the top. Would not recommend these people unless you want to keep calling them back .
Very Very Very Bad Service! These guys cannot be trusted. My husband and I bought the tire repair/replacement warranty certificates per tire about a year ago as discount tire recommends. I had a staple in my tire yesterday that created a flat so we went in to have it repaired. The service man said it was not repairable and then proceeded to sell us 2 more tires at a small fee of $500 because of our AWD. He seemed to change his story slightly during our conversation with him so we decided to investigate further if his statements were accurately and WAS our tire really not repairable? First, we found that the tires he was trying to sell us were about 50 bucks cheaper per tire AND we our tire was indeed repairable. Oh I should also mention Mr. discount tire failed to give us back our flat tire and wheel when we returned to pick up our car (after we told him to leave the donut as is). We called the next morning to pick up our tire and wheel and he claimed he threw away the tire but we told him that was not his to throw away and he better find it. Anyway - we got it and took it to another tire company who was able to repair it in 10 minutes, showed me the tire and all the details about it. I can't believe that Discount Tire tried to pull this on us. Well they pulled it on the wrong people and we will not stop here. Other websites and BBB will hear about this. Try just being honest, good service representatives next time Discount Tire!
DO NOT RENT FROM THEM. We were lucky to escape renting from this place and found a better alternative. Our experience through the application process was TERRIBLE. We were told it was a $300 deposit, then a $575 deposit, then a $150 deposit. NO ONE IN THE OFFICE ever knew what they were talking about, which was astonishing since we spoke to a new staff member with every interaction. They were the most unprofessional, unorganized, uneducated bunch that I have ever worked with in my entire life. To top it off, they refused to return $100 fee (towards deposit) after their series of errors. RENT FROM ANYWHERE BUT HERE.
I have a similar story about Advanced Auto Service. Went in for a routine oil change and came back with a repair order of over $3000 based on the steering. New rack and pinion, shocks, the works. I politely declined and went to get a second estimate elsewhere. I didn't show this second autoshop the quote Advanced Auto gave me. He asked whether I was there because I've been quoted repairs, and showed him the quote. He laughed at it. My car needed none of the repairs I'd been quoted on. He even guessed which auto shop had quoted me before I showed him it was from Advanced Auto Service on Warner street. So my advice is be careful.
The other reviews are pretty accurate. These guys don't take the time to do anything more than push the dirt around. Definitely won't be going back here.
I think I would like to try the Sakana that everyone else is reviewing because I surely could not have been at the same place... Finding high quality sushi in the Phoenix area has been a challenge for me as most of the places I get referred to are a bit too "Americanized" for my liking. Sakana is thou the worst offender of doing this. My husband and I went the other evening and ordered what we thought were 7 different rolls...nope-they all tasted the same. Fake "krab" minced up and doused in mayo- minced tuna..again doused in mayo-and what didn't have mayo had cream cheese or was deep fried-ick. Even when asking the waitress what was in the rolls (we like to try different things) she at no time said "krab salad"-she just said crab...so when I get rolls that have this stick all minced up with mayo you can certainly understand my frustration. The head chef came over and apologized-however stated that it was their "style" and that's how most of the rolls are. Dinner was atrocious and you leave here with your clothes reeking of oil due to the teppan bar that they have. So money wasted on something I could have done myself with a jar of Hellmans and a package of VandDeKamp Krab and additional money wasted on a dry cleaning bill. Save your palette and your money and go elsewhere if you are looking for good, clean, sushi. If you like all the mayo & cream cheese rolls then this is your spot.
Service was slow; we were in a hurry and had to wait way to long even just to order a drink. The restaurant was nearly empty, and there seemed to be more than enough staff to handle all the tables. Pleeeease please be faster! Not everyone has time to wait around while you take your sweet time! AND the computers were, of course, down so we had to wait even longer to pay. My God, why why WHYYYYYYYYY. -___-
Yelp says open till 11:00 pm, arrived at 10:00 pm on Saturday night to empty place and informed that kitchen closed 5 mins ago. Driving 15 minuted with a larger group than in entire restaurant makes me feel that mgmt or owner was not present. If kitchen closes at 10:00 pm, please say that in Yelp :-)
Purses. Junk Jewelry. Junk Shoes. Junk I came here specifically looking for purses and what they had were either soccer mom or old granny purses. I saw some purses that were a little better but they were over-priced. I think even Walmart has a better and nicer selection of jewelry and that is not saying very much. Shoe selection was shabby, not a looker in sight.
service awful, menu changed. They charge for onions and peppers in potatoes, there cream of corn is awful, there is an herb in it and they do not tell you what it is and they say they do not know. Also, there is no bread basket you have to ask for it, the food portions like pork chops has no bone, it is small, and the augratin potatoes is white, not baked and awful.
I cannot even begin to say how disgusted I am with the babies r us in Phx on ray rd. I delivered my son early and wasnt expecting to need a breast pump so soon. I went to the BRU on signal butte in mesa and was told that the pump I saw on my phone was out of stock. They called and checked the availability of the pump at the PHX store and I was told they had it. It was a breast pump by medela regular priced $349.99 on sale online for 269.99$ for that much of a price difference I took the drive. When I arrived I was told by a supposed manager Elsie that I had to pay $349.99 there cause I wasn't buying online. After driving 45 minutes to there I was upset. I explained the situation that I literally was just out the hospital and my 3 day old baby was in the car with my husband. She said fine she will call a manager Tracy and she said well you can order it online and come back for it. Again I explained that I had driven an hour and just came out the hospital. I explained I couldn't wait for the pump as I needed my Milk to be expressed. The lady laughed when I asked for a manger and said that. Then she came back an offered to allow me to order online and do in store pick up. That I would wait anywhere between 1-2 hours. At first I said okay but then they said the price would be 349.99 and then they'd give me a coupon for 15% off to offset the online price ??? I'm not a math whiz but they were still trying to Up charge me after saying they called Darren loff the district manger for permission to price match the online price? When I asked the store manager Tracy to contact Darren so I can directly talk to him myself she said maybe he is busy and I said ok we're all busy I need to not take an hour looking into buying a breast pump...she said well if I call him i might get a voice mail and I said ok but you might not..,so let's just try and call him cause what your saying isn't making any sense. She then said She would give me his number and gave me a 800 toysrus # and said I can just try and get him there??? I explained that I felt she was trying to hide the situation from upper management and she told me good day andwalked into an office and shut her door. I could not believe a company that supposedly prides themselves as a company that Is for children would treat people like that!! I was crying by the end of this ordeal and in walking out the other person who worked there tried to offer me a lesser quality pump for the same price as the Hugh quality one I wanted and said I might as well get it since I'm still gonna need a pump Anyways ??? Are they nuts...u don't go into buy something of quality and they say well since I can't get it let me buy a lesser quality for the same price. I can't imagine these women are in management and argued with me in front of multiple customers -- if anyone knows what I can do to properly complain pleae email me @ alinda1313@yahoo -- thanks all
High prices, poor selection, and awful customer service. These are the reasons I chose not to register at Babies R Us in the first place. When l received BRU products at my shower and had no use for them I tried returning to the store. I did not have a gift receipt nor a gift registry so I was told they couldn't do anything for me. I was stuck with products I didn't need. Really? Is this how you treat your customers? The cashier admitted that each item was currently on the shelves but she had no way of "matching them up" against a receipt or registry. She even suggested that I try returning them to Walmart because their return policy is very lax. I was disgusted and offended. I was doing the right thing by taking the products back to the store from which they came. Even Target allows you to return things without a receipt. I'll never buy anything at BRU.
Dear Manager, Yes, I was the person who came in with a coupon with no expiration date on it that said I could have a deli sandwich for $5.99. You told me it was no longer valid. I pointed out to you that you had a very large sign in your front window that said the same thing. you doubted me, until you saw it. Do you still doubt me, as you took it down, of course not. I then asked again for the $5.99 special. You refused. Are you aware of what LOUSY CUSTOMER SERVICE that is? Are you aware that by my pointing the sign out to you that I saved you from another customer doing the same thing? Are you aware of false advertising? Are you aware that you lost a customer instead of created a customer? What do you suppose would happen if you comped me that sandwich and thanked me for pointing out the problem? And exactly how much would that cost you? Or even let me have the sandwich at $5.99 (ps. I went to Chick Filet instead) Oh by the way, you are suppose to be the role model for your employees. Well, you are. They act as clueless as you. I will be calling your corporate office. Have a nice day and give a thought or two to what customer service means.
I have to agree with the people who gave this shop POOR reviews. I too have lived in Ahwatukee for 15+ years and have gone to this shop many times in the past. It seems they are getting worse and worse. I will never go back and I would encourage you to do the same. Although I have spent thousands of dollars at this shop on bikes and service, my recent experiences were TERRIBLE; both with the hip-hop, gangster looking "kid" up front "Dennis" and the owner who didn't want to "undermine" the incorrect information, bad attitude and poor customer service his novice front-man had been providing. I purchased a Specialized FSR from this shop over the years along with many other parts, accessories and services for all of my family's bikes (all Specialized). I had not gone back in a while because the service had been getting worse. But I figured it's 2013 and I'd give them another shot and try to support them. Yesterday I called to get prices on some basic work - replace a wheel, replace a couple tubes, etc. Dennis asked me some questions and quoted me prices - very straight forward. I loaded up my gear, my kids and headed to the shop. Dennis (wearing his gangster hat, earrings and a bad attitude) looked and said "I quoted you the wrong parts",....he said it's going to be about $70 additional on top of what was only going to be about $70 anyway. I proposed that since they quoted me the wrong prices over the phone and I just hauled all my gear and my kids over there, that we split the difference or make some kind of proposal to make it right. I said I understand sometimes things get quoted wrong, but let's do the right thing, come to an arrangement we are both happy with and everything will be good. I made a couple proposals and to each he said no, he will only charge me full price of all the misquoted items. Some guy, apparently the owner, who never introduced himself to me or said he'd like to help, rather, he said he didn't want to undermine Dennis, started barking at me, saying "what, you never make a mistake? - you want me to do the work for free? - are we not allowed to make a mistake? you can take your business elsewhere". I said, really, you want to lose a long-term, loyal customer who has spent thousands of dollars in your shop because you quoted the wrong price and now you don't even want to try to come to an arrangement that will work for both of us? I realize you don't want to lose money, who would,...but I'm sure we can come to some arrangement since you quoted me the wrong prices after I gave you all the information you asked for. He was not interested, kept his negative, poor service attitude and went back into the shop to work on a bike part. I was shocked. My little boys were shocked! As we drove toward Curbside Cyclery and Javelina Cycles (trustworthy shops) to get the work done, my boys both said they could not believe how unreasonable they were at South Mountain Cycles and how impressed they were with me for talking nicely and trying to get it worked out into a win/win solution when the guys at SMC were such "jerks". Pretty insightful for 13 and 11 year old boys (who also will never take their business to SMC as they grow up). ***** I would recommend you AVOID SMC BIKE SHOP ***** The owner and his staff CLEARLY don't care about customer service, quality workmanship or doing the right thing (and reading the other reviews, I'm not the only one who has had the same experience - sure, you can buy a bike from them, they'll be happy to take your money for a sale,....but don't expect to be treated well regarding service or parts from there after). I'd guess the positive reviews are written by their friends or employees. There are several other shops here in Ahwatukee that are honest and quality. Let's show SMC that we won't accept being treated poorly. Let's take our business elsewhere and support shops that support our community and treat us with the respect we have shown them all these years that is obviously not reciprocated. Check out all the negative Google reviews on this place.
Overpriced and uneven haircuts given. Don't waste your money here! It costs more to get a tiny dog groomed than a regular woman's haircut. $55 for a 3 pound dog !! They are crazy...
This is one of the only places my fiance and I have found some decent looking couches here around Tempe/Chandler. We found the perfect one and were told it was in stock in the color fabric we wanted. So we went ahead with the Lease to Own option, signed the paperwork and paid the down payment on Nov 27th. We leave the store to go pick the couch up and then they call us and tell us it's not in stock until the week of Dec 12th.... We are obviously very upset since we asked SEVERAL times if the couch was in stock. We needed something to sit on in our apartment and threatened to cancel the whole thing- so they say we can give u the couch in another color as a "loaner" until your couch comes in and we will swap them out free delivery. So reluctantly we agreed and the "sales associate" tells us she'll call us the week of the 12th to set up delivery- she didn't call, we had to call them and they told us it was still on backorder- that the week of the 19th it will be in stock. Well It's Dec 23rd and we had to call THEM again because no one called us. The couch is now said to be coming in the week of Dec 26th. So basically we've been sitting on a loaner couch for a month and they still don't have our couch. Unless you want a couch you don't want- don't sign or pay for anything until you've checked 50 times with them that it's in stock, even then you'll probably get screwed. Don't buy here! Craptastic customer service, steer clear of Liberdy the sales associate.
Seriously what is it with furniture salesmen, they're just like car salesmen! So we're looking for a few pieces and have been store hopping. Against my better judgement we went to look in the Room Store. The sales guy was all over us. He said he'll let us look around and he'll check on us later but he's literally following us. Any time we stop to slightly glance at a piece of furniture he quickly comes over to tell us all about the piece. Go away! If I need help I will ask for it. I really hate furniture shopping at these types of stores. The sales people are ridiculously annoying and they sell all the same cheap crap...which you can buy online for even cheaper btw (Amazon, Overstock, Wayfair, Hayneedle). So after about 15 minutes we were done. I'd had enough and we left. Won't return, hopefully...you know when you're hungry but you have nothing to eat in your kitchen but you keep randomly checking your fridge or pantry like something new is going to appear, that's how I am with these damn stores. I always hope for better furniture, and better service but it's always the same bs.
If I could give ZERO stars I would. We purchased almost $7,000 of furniture from The Room Store, one set being the most expensive leather sofa and loveseat they carry. Within 7 days, we realized that the cushions and back of the sofa were all wrinkled. We marched back to the store but of course their return policy is five days. As a "courtesy", they replaced the set with the same style/manufacturer. Within four days that set was all stretched out too! Now they refuse to do anything for us and tell us it is a "return policy issue" (per "Tasha" who is supposedly a customer service manager....I use this term loosely because they have no customer service). They should be ashamed of themselves! Would they be happy if this happened to them? Shouldn't they want to keep customers happy? To have top grade leather furniture look like it's years old within four days is an outrage. I am disgusted and their "customer satisfaction" is a joke. Nobody ever returns your calls and all they want is to get your money and have you go away. I would run as far from this store as you can.
Just AWFUL. Dirty, stained rooms. Complete lack of hospitality, hoards of wild, loud weekend partying jerks, gobs of screaming, unruly children. Way overpriced everything. They were completely bad. Unless you are a gluttony for punishment, NEVER stay here.
Would not recommend this resort. Service is awful.
After I posted a negative review about Data Doctors because they would not stand behind their repairs, I received numerous E-mail from them asking what they could do "to fix the problem". This afternoon I received a phone call from a Steve at DD, asking what Data Doctors could do to fix the problem. He was told, in no uncertain terms, that Andrew the manager, when I went back to the Chandler Blvd location in early May, basically told me DD was not going to do anything to fix my computer. I learned Andrew is no longer the manager, they seem to have quite the turnover in managers and he, Steve, would help me. I informed Steve that a month ago Data Doctors was unwilling to make good on their "repairs" and I had to spend additional money having my computer fixed. It cost me an additional $150.00 to have my computer repaired by a professional. I can not nor would I ever recommend Data Doctors!
The only positive and knowledgeable person at this store is Chris (male) not the female Manager Chris. I truly wonder how this location survives due to all the inconsistencies an lack of communication. I had to file a claim due to their lack of properly packaging my gift item and now a month later its still no where. I will now start to using the Ray Road location. STAY AWARE FROM CHANDLER LOCATION! Chris (male) transfer to a different location it will benefit you tremendously!!!
STAY AWAY poor service, but i don't blame the server herself. my boyfriend and i dined in a few months ago and SO MANY things went wrong. it was a weekday and they were terribly understaffed. it took about 15 minutes for our out-of-breath waitress to come get our drink orders. she was trying her best, however it was clear that she had way too many tables to take care of. an expo took our food out, and my salad had no dressing! nobody was to be found to ask for some dressing... or refills... i kindly asked the host to speak to a manager, and with an attitude he said the manager was too busy to come talk to us. mediocre food, but i wouldn't really expect more from an applebees
This place is overwhelmed with scorpions. Whatever you do, don't rent from these people.
Before you even think about moving in, buy yourself a GOOD UV Cree blacklight and take a stroll around the complex at night. Over our 12 month lease at Andante, my kids and I killed over 200 scorpions around and in our apartment. In fact, there were 6 dead scorpions IN our apartment when we moved in. If you don't have a problem living amongst potentially fatal bark scorpions, be my guest. I spoke with the bug man on the property several times and he stated he's "never seen anything like it".
I am really quite surprised at the high reviews for this establishment. They truly don't deserve it! I purchased a coupon for this restaurant through my work (after checking the Yelp reviews, of course) so we were excited to give them a try but were sorely let down. When we arrived the first thing I noticed was the place was empty at 6pm. Well that's not a good sign! We waited for one of the employees to acknowledge us between their laughter and chatter between each other. Once being taken to our table we looked at the menu and couldn't believe the prices; they were extremely high. I told my boyfriend, its a good thing we have a coupon, this better be some dang good Italian food! Due to the high prices, we decided to share an appetizer and an entree, surely it would be plenty, it's an Italian restaurant! It took about 25 minutes for our appetizer of meatballs to arrive and when it did my boyfriend and I just looked at each other. There were about 6 tiny meatballs swimming in some marinara. I was expecting huge meatballs like what you get at Oregano's...nope, not even close! So we ate, and unfortunately the dish was nothing special. They tasted like they were from a frozen bag. As we were waiting for our entree I had been needing more water but regardless of the empty restaurant no one was checking on us. We waited for our entree another 20 minutes after that. Why was it taking so long? We were the only ones in the dining room. We finally received our entree. What the hell! It was just about the same size as our appetizer!!! There were three small rolls of pasta. Seriously? Did someone eat the other 3/4 of it back in the kitchen? We ate those in about literally a minute and then tried to scarf down some bread to help fill our stomachs. And the worst part, it wasn't that good. At this point I finally was given more water. Needless to say we would never come back here. Why pay such ridiculous prices for tiny portions of pretentious food with a side of crappy service? No thanks, I'll head over to Oregano's or RigaTonys!
Nothing gourmet here, greasy fried food. Barely any crab legs.I didn't eat much and I kept throwing good away cause it was nasty. Save your money and go elsewhere. Not going there again
Worst service EVER!!! Really 35 min to make a flippin' burrito?? Also you might want to teach your staff about hygene. We watched this kid take out the trash and than run to kitchen to help. EWWWW!
Will never return. Worst manicure ever, chipped the next day. My manicurist kept shooting snot rockets and picking her nose in the sink between clients. None of my nails were the same shape. My friend with me got a French gel manicure and her girl took over an hour and a half to do them, and they started chipping the next day! Never going back.
Me and my partner has been bringing our adorable dog here since she was a pup and every time it has been pleasent except for today.......... Usually one of the nice girls cleans and trims our dog's nails and never once has there been an issue, but today some guy done her grooming and when we got in the car her nails look like they were butchered and she still smells the same........just for future reference they have lost my business
For anyone who ate here before BJs bought out the chain, the quality has gone down tremendously. Burgers and fries just don't taste the way they used to. They're gross now and taste frozen. Will not go back!
Signed up for yelp, just to post this. Wish i could give negative stars. Worst service ever!!! Day after Christmas, my stepdaughter and I both needed to do an exchange, she needed a larger size and i needed a different color. They were sold out of both, so we requested to make an equal exchange. Since these were gifts, we did not have receipt, tags are still on. We were told no receipt--no store credit and no exchange. Not everyone gives the receipt when sending christmas presents. The sales clerk said "Oh well". Really? That's how you treat customers. I have shopped here almost 20 years and will never ever go there again!!!!
Even my 5 yr old hated it. Only went here because we were early for our movie that was next door. This place is an abomination. Folks, it's empty when you walk in FOR A REASON.
Not a fan of Americanized pho.
This place low balled us by $7,000 on a trade in offer, compared to other dealers that appraised our trade-in. Also the sales person Mr. Rosin acted lazy and dishonest in our opinion. He actually argued with me during the test drive. We left angry and disappointed with this dealer. Stay away from these clowns, they are too busy enjoying their leisure time to be bothered with prospective customers.
This location is decent...there is one staff member that works here who is why I hate coming. She is seemingly nice but very incompetent & even slower...she told me when I first visited the pumps could be returned ($200 error) and then on each visit since she either wanders around following me asking if I need help or when I actually need help she can't help because she forgot her password for the system and thinks it's funny that I have to stand there with a screaming baby while she resets it...clueless. The lines here are also painful. For parents...A fast line is critical!!! Get faster staff please
STUPID EXPENSIVE !!! not so much a fan as beeing more of a hater!! don't get cought slipping here with an empty gas tank! you WILL cry as the little hateful digits on the gas pump laugh at you!!!!
To file a complaint for dangerous, unsanitary, substandard living conditions -Attorney General of Phoenix 602-542-5763 Federal trade commission 877-382-4357 Better business bureau 602-264-1721
I scheduled an appointment with the Dr. He never came in. The PA came in for 5 minutes. He barely did a physical exam. Never even tested for reflexes! Complained to the office manager. Had to track her down and keep calling to reach her. Horrible practicioners and patient service. I found another Dr. Complete different attitude. She did a complete physical exam and spent time with me. Never go to AZ Center for Pain!!!
This store has a very unclean produce department. The zucchini, yellow squash, loose potatoes and egg plant are displayed in black trays that are literally dripping with brown slime. There was a rotten and moldy zucchini right on top of the rest of the squash. I asked to speak with the produce manager but he was gone already so I showed the female employee, working on a display of bananas, the trays. She simply said, "Yea, I see it," and walked away. She didn't remove the rotten zucchini or make an attempt to say that the trays were indeed gross and needed to be steam cleaned. It was so gross that I left before even buying the tea that I had in my hand. It was totally disgusting thinking of the bacteria that the vegetables were laying in. Needless to say I certainly will not be shopping at Safeway. If I could it would be NO stars for this store.
Terrible class! I can't believe I paid for this. instructor is rude, degrading and actually mocks students repeatedly. There is other classes around town that offer the CCW training don't spend your money here. If you do good luck I warned you!
So, I fly a lot., nearly 70,000 miles in the past 6 months. Not usually US Airways/America West - only maybe 5 or 6 times with them. But my ONLY horrible airline experiences have both been with them., which is quite a ratio. 1. Flew from San Diego to Portland meeting up for a month-long concert tour. I had my personal things as well as music/sound equipment. Of course, when I land, my luggage didn't. After spending at least an hour trying to get baggage services to help me - they say my luggage is on the next flight, and they will have a courier deliver it to me. I make abundantly clear that I will meet the courier and have it personally handed to me - I don't want it left with security/staff/anyone else (we were at a large rock venue). They promised to call as soon as my luggage landed, and again when the courier was en route and they would only deliver to me personally. Of course, no call. And I called every hour on the hour till 4 in the morning (when we left for the next city on the tour) - and couldn't get an answer or a call back. Not only did they not call me as promised, OR return any my calls, they apparently DID deliver my bags, but just left them on the door of the venue - EXACTLY what I had stressed not to do. I found this out the next day after calling repeatedly - when we were already in another city. Nobody signed for them even. Never saw my bags again, lost a ton of important gear I needed for work, and was screwed. And then? A HUGE a huge fight with them over the claim. They dishonored the claim for a while since they said they delivered them to the address I specified - despite having a promise in writing to deliver to me by hand. Then they said my claim was with the courier company, not the airline.Then they didn't want to cover anything but clothing and hygiene items. 2. Flew from St. Louis to Flagstaff. Had a layover in Phoenix - which is only like a 2 hour drive from Flagstaff. The flight in Phoenix was delayed several hours - but they didn't announce the delay until 10 minutes to boarding - and kept delaying it by just 20 minutes at a time. Finally, once we board we are told the flight MAY be not be able to land in Flagstaff due to bad weather. The kicker? They won't send us back to Phoenix - we would be diverted to Palm Springs California - and since it was "an act of god" - we were on our own. They weren't responsible for lodging, return airfare, refunds, ground transport - nothing. So - the whole plane is already pissed about being delayed so long, and now this. Nobody wants to take the chance of being flown to another state and getting stuck - so literally all but maybe 2 people deplane and mill around the tarmack. Then we find out that we can choose not to take the flight, but if we checked baggage - we can't retrieve it! It's going to either Flagstaff or Palm Springs with or without us! So some people start to get back on the plane, and others are arguing on the tarmack about what to do about their bags. I spot our bags just sitting in the open cargo door of the plane, and lead a small army of angry passengers to the back of the plane and we just grab our bags that were in plain sight. The flight attendant tried to stop us - but realized that people were pissed, and we greatly outnumbered them. I ended up just renting a car and driving the 2 hours to Flagstaff. And apparently flights to Flagstaff had been cancelled all day - but they neglected to tell us that. At least they could have given a heads-up to us so that we could have not waited nearly 4 hours on flight delays and driven ourselves there much faster. No apologies, no refunds, nothing. I primarily fly either United, Southwest, or Jet Blue. No horror stories from them - while yes they've lost a bag here or there, they've always been professional and prompt in getting it to me.
*I am posting this on every site possible for United, US Airways & Continental. My hatred of them all is so consuming that I am dedicating two days to vent my venom and expound upon the disgusting experiences I just had. I'm normally a nice person, but they pushed every button possible.* I now call the "Star Alliance" of airlines "The Death Star Alliance." I have never been treated so horribly as by United, US Airways and Continental. My great idea to take our 10 month old son to visit all the Grandparents turned into the trip from hell. Much like "Planes, Trains and Automobiles" meets "The Out-of-Towners" we encountered almost every possible problem an airline can throw at you. We flew on seven flights, drove 450 miles unexpectedly, got sick and were injured. To add insult to injury, my infant was nearly strip searched at one check point and I was photographed for a blog on travel misery. (I cut quite a figure with a car seat strapped to my back, stroller, laptop and diaper bag while bolting to make a connection at O'Hare.) Each leg was late departing and arriving. We missed connections and stood in lines for hours trying to get alternate flights. Our upgrades were "lost", we were re-routed to airports not on our route, only to have those flights canceled. Our baggage was locked up in storage, lost or sent to the wrong terminal. The final straw was sitting on the tarmac for 4 1/2 hours for a shuttle flight between Newark and Norfolk only to have the flight canceled. We were then put on a flight to Richmond that was also canceled. The customer service desk shut down leaving everyone stranded with no hotels, transportation or food, since the airport restaurants also shut down. With no alternative flights available for two days, I had to rent a car at a distant location (none at the airport) and drive to North Carolina. Don't get me started on the lousy equipment. One plane kept losing power so we couldn't get off. Yet another lost air conditioning and condensation was raining from the ceiling. As if that weren't enough, the last flight's seat cushions weren't attached to the frame so the shot off like slip 'n slide toys. The flight crews ranged from angry to scary. My husband had scalding tea dumped on him. One stewardess lost her shoe and was crawling up and down the aisle looking for it. Another was like Nurse Ratchett patrolling the passengers. I got a gushing nose bleed on one flight and had to be iced to keep from flooding the plane. I had to change my son on the lid of the toilet of one of the filthiest bathrooms I've seen outside of the third world (and I've been to the third world). My husband contracted some pestilence from his first flight. I got an eye stye on my third of six flights - a staph infection from the bathroom I suspect. They whammied us to the end with our connection home from Dulles to LAX missed while we sat on the tarmac yet again. We managed to get three standby seats on the last bucket of bolts out to LAX. When we arrived, half of the luggage was MIA...ours went to a different terminal, but at least it got there. You know when even the stewardesses are p*ssed, the airline has a problem. DOWN WITH THE "DEATH STAR ALLIANCE" - MAY ALL THE EXECUTIVES AND MANAGERS OF THE AIRLINES BE THROWN ON THEIR OWN STINKY PLANES AND HELD HOSTAGE WITHOUT FOOD OR OPERATIONAL TOILETS FOR 48 HOURS AND MAYBE THEN, THEY'LL KNOW THE MISERY THEY INFLICT ON THEIR HIGH PAYING CUSTOMERS. We're buying an Airstream Bambi!
This is the WORST airline ever. I will gladly be herded onto Southwest like some fat ass cattle rather than ever endure the torture of US Airways again. How can any businesses possibly be such a mess? Ever since they were merged with craptastic America West it's been downhill. Every person from the counter bitches to the flight attendants were out of control rude. It's clear this airline does not value their customers. The flight attendants were so rude on my last flight that it shocked me. And now you want to charge me $30 for an aisle seat. Fuck you! And don't tell me it's just the industry that's taking a dive because riding on Jet Blue is like going to freaking Disneyland! Polite customer service people, happy flight attendants, snacks, tv's, on time arrivals.... dignity.
This is one of the worst airlines I've flown with. I've travelled the world on many different airlines. Almost all airlines allow people to standby for an earlier return flight without charge. US Airways will not. They make you pay for any flight changes. They'll rather let their planes fly out half empty than to accommodate their passengers.
I have never had an airline deny me when I make it to the gate 5 minutes before scheduled take off. US Airways lost my business for life. Worst airline ever!
They were the only airlines that fly from PHX to Long Beach so I had to buy a ticket from US Airways. I was so excited to go to CA for one of my BFFs wedding shower. 2 days before my flight out, I did not feel well. I went to urgent care and found out I had bronchitis. I called the airlines and they told me that the change fee is $150 for tickets that cost less than $140. I mentioned to the agent that the change fee is more than my ticket, she said "OH it is cheaper for you to purchase a new ticket." and snickered. WTF! Really, snickering at a customer?
Had the same issue with the 45 minute prior check-in. I heard of such a thing being 30 minutes prior to check-in due to security reasons, we were at the 35 minute point so they definetely said no. Their computers had already siezed up is what we were told, a security measure...federal rules to be exact. Funny cuz Allegiant does no such thing. So we were stuck in Reno for the night and got the next flight out, said my buddies bag was to large for the over head compartment, yet it was fine on the arrival. So he had to pay. The couple in front of us had a bag that weighted 51 pounds, 1 pound over and gave them grief. The lady freaked out and started taking out shoes and clothes and shoving it in carry ons. I don't blame her, 1 pound over really? They don't know what customer satisfaction is, I'll stick with Southwest and Allegiant thanks !
Oh I forgot how much I hate you! You've yet again managed to ruin another family vacation! I promised myself the last time that I would never fly you again. But somehow I forgot. Delayed due to a malfunctioning generator?? Really and now you want me to go 5 hours cross country on you with my offspring! I will never ever fly you again. Missing the AZ diamondback game was the least of my worries. Thinking that I was flying on an old decrepit plane....yeah pretty much occupied my mind. Your staff is rude. You didn't even offer us a FREE snack after delaying us for 3 hours. You made me want to write Jet Blue a love letter, asking for forgiveness because I cheated with a lesser quality airline. I will never fly you again and OH I won't forget!!
Update: In addition to the aforementioned disasters, they made me gate check my handbag, which defeated the whole point of packing only a carry-on (so I wouldn't have to go through baggage claim). NOT COOL.
DO NOT FLY WITH US AIRWAYS! US Airways Flight 4427 Philadelphia to Baltimore August 8th, 2013 Flight Cancelled I was not late to my flight, I did not miss the date, I did everything correct. It was -your- airline that created the entire problem by overbooking all flights that came after our cancelled flight that day. The only resolution offered to us that would fly us directly to Baltimore would have been to take a flight leaving -11 HOURS- (9pm) after our originally scheduled flight (11am). That is not acceptable. This was the answer I received from US Airways customer service employee Edie Curt: "When a customer accepts accommodations to an alternate airport, the customer assumes responsibility for the additional expenses." To note here, we did not "assume" the extra expenses. We were given no other choice if we wanted to reach Baltimore in time. We accepted a flight to DC because it was our only alternative that would get us close enough to take public transportation to Baltimore, and to meet our deadline. I did ask if we could be provided a rental car so we could drive ourselves from Philadelphia, and that request was immediately denied. As it was, we had to spend our own money for all public transportation from DC to Baltimore so we could meet our group waiting for us in time. This is also not acceptable. It took us FOUR trains to get from DC to Baltimore in unfamiliar territory. Why should this cost be on us? This was a second answer I received from US Airways customer service employee Edie Curt: "There are no federal aviation regulations concerning what an airline must do to compensate passengers when the carrier delays or cancels a flight. This is true regardless of the reason for the delay/cancellation (e.g., weather, mechanical, crew availability, etc.)." So basically because it is not ILLEGAL, they are not required to help their customers in any way. Beware if you are flying US Airways in the future, I would consider otherwise. I have flown on other airlines and I have always either been provided a hotel, food, direct compensation for a future flight or alternate transportation to my exact destination at no cost to myself. Keeping the money we paid for services you did not deliver upon is considered theft. Your airline is a poor excuse for a business, and we will never fly with you again. Sincerely, Anne K.
Very disappointing service on a recent US Airways flight (or rather, non-flight since my flight was canceled and then delayed/overbooked). Long story short: I missed my best friend's wedding in Washington because US Airways canceled my morning flight, then couldn't guarantee me and my guest a spot on the next flight. Being canceled and then delayed would have been egregious enough, but it's the incompetence of US Airways staff that did it for me. I was never offered to option to fly Alaska Airlines, their partner agency, and I only found out about that option from other re-booked passengers (that option was, of course, sold out when I went to inquire about it). When attempting to fly on the 8 p.m. flight, I was told my guest and I could not sit together, but if we wanted to pay $31 each for 'premium' seats, we could. How convenient. I would think waiting for 10 hours in the airport would qualify us for seats together or, god forbid, access to the US Airways lounge, but apparently my guest and I didn't deserve those options either. I've lodged complaints with US Airways and with the DOT, and I encourage those who have similar bad experiences do so as well.
Horrible airlines that constantly reschedules flights due to so called "maintenance" which I believe is their inability to fill a flight so therefore they use the maintenance excuse to bump passengers to the next scheduled flight which could be several hours out.
I fly often but do not usually fly this airline and now I remember why. Rude!!! My first flight of the day was on time but the customer service was horrible. Boarding the flight the woman in front of me had 2 carry ons and a purse. They yelled at her so she asked to put her purse in her husbands briefcase. Than they jumped all over her about the small bag of food she had which she explained was her breakfast. On flight they yelled at me for having tray table down. They look at the passengers and treat them like they are idiots. They seem to think they are better than everyone else. They say the right things like thanks for flying or welcome or have a good day but its fake and forced. Even if the seats are smaller and unassigned I'd fly Southwest over US Airway any day. At least there the flight staff is friendly, sociable, and genuine.
The flight was ok. Kudos to pilots, but they have incompetent and rude stewardesses (some of them are both), and they boarded three flights leaving at the same time at the same two gates, meaning they boarded one early, one too quickly, and one late. I just had to look around to see at least two more gates open and available to USAirways. So if you're stuck in customs because Phoenix only sees fit to have three boxes open, you better wish they decide to board your flight late or you'll never make it.
Big surprise -- looks like the merger with American will take away most of the benefits US Airways loyalists enjoyed. Time to bail out and find another airline. Better check to see how you will lose out!
To start...2hr delay because the Crew didn't show up. Packed to the gills. No free snacks at all on a 5hr flight. Crazy long wait for skycap "service". Kiosks to get boarding passes were slooooow and attendants seemed to hate their jobs & customers as much as were the experience. Once on the plane we had the oldest and slowest man attempting to serve us drinks. Took two hours! It was almost comical. Then he rested his butt on my husband shoulder while he was waiting for an ice refill! Oh and they broke my bag. Why did I try another airline Southwest?!
First you should know how your agents be have during my recent 8,000 mile trip. First I arrived at the airport in alaska, we were rerouted to american airlines even tho we purchased tickets though us airways. I had to pay for my baggage to Costa Rica ( I didn't have to pay for it on the way back) they told me it was part of the US so I had to pay for baggage. I was only allowed to check in 30 mintues early for an international flight (really?!). Then on the first flight we had an exit row which was very cold. I ask a flight attendant for a blanket in which he responded "I will have to ask a first class passanger if they are willing to part will a blanket" I said don't bother the first class passangers. To follow the flight attendants we rude or very short. No notice from the pilot when we were about to land either from the flight there or back. The flight back was a bit more annoying. First departing from costa rica after we had gone threw the security we were not allowed to bring anything on the plane to drink. And even more so there was nothing not even a small snack offered to eat on a 5 hr flight enough tho the flight attendants were carrying food from one end of the plane to another so the flight attendants could eat but no one else. I am still in shock that no food (even peanuts) for paying customers was offered on a 5 hour flight. I will honestly say I will never fly American airways or us airways again.
How about. ... They over booked in the middle of the night. .2 min before boarding they want people to give up their seats. Then they still can't fly out on time and flight attendants be catching attitudes with economy class customers, changed my reserved seating back about 20 rows and everybody's seat got reassigned, and you want to give attitudes, bump into customers? No Bueno. United Airlines compared to this airline. AND they don't offer online check in for military so they can have their baggage fees waived with pre TSA check qualification. What's the deal?
First, the staff was wonderful. However, the course was horrible. We heard that it was recently purchased, and the owner is going through an improvement period. That doesn't change the fact that were was standing water throughout; the greens were terrible (back nine better than the front); the tee boxes were 35% weeds and the fairways ... well, it wasn't good. It's an $18 round at best. Give it another year and hopefully it will improve.
The food is good, but I got screwed there. I ordered the French toast and our waitress said, "would you like bacon or sausage?" So I said, "oh, wow. Well, sausage I guess." The check comes and I've been charged FOUR DOLLARS for the sausage I didn't even want. Beware!
I work downtown, so this is easy to get to by walking. However, the owners are soooooo unfriendly! The lady doesn't know how to smile or say hi, thank you, or have a nice day. The wait staff isn't much better, they must be related to the owners! When there are so many lunch choices downtown, I suggest you go some other place where your business is appreciated, especially in this economy. Besides, the food is fair to average at best. Don't bother, go across the street to Sticklers.
My review falls along the line of many others. First let me say our waitress was pretty bad. She wasn't exactly rude but she had no personality/life to her. You might as well have a robot taking orders. She also gave us the wrong check which caused some confusion at the front. I ordered the pita gyro. It was a little plain but I could work with it. I was hungry and ate it. I'll give that 2.5 stars. My coworkers ordered burgers and they looked like dry, frozen patties. None of them enjoyed the burgers. I also ordered a small side salad. It was basically iceberg lettuce with dressing. Plain and boring. Also, almost every item is $10, so if you aren't starving and want something small, you're going to pay the same as everyone else. I wouldn't go back.
Thank God this place went out of business! I went in there one day and chatted up the owner a bit before ordering. It was about 3 in the afternoon and no other customers were around. I asked if I could get a half sandwich and the owner rudely asked what I expected him to do with the other half! Is he THAT stupid or just a smartass!
Buyer Beware. Customer service is non existent. Purchased an item on Amazon. Does not follow up or make things right.
My experience here was great... until about 45 minutes after I ate. I devoured a golden brown waffle, two crispy and moist pieces of fried chicken and still had room for a few bites of buttery grits. On the way back to Mesa in the car, though, it all went wrong. I got super sick from Lo-Lo's chicken, and was holed up in bed for two days on my vacation with all the signs of food poisoning (i'll save you the gory details). I will never go back here and recommend staying away from this place, despite the great reviews. It might be awhile before I can stomach any fried chicken again.
Love the food, but they changed to mandatory valet parking.. fail x 100 Really? Why? Fix this! At least one of the two lots should be self parking.
If it was possible to give no stars, Networks would of earned this honor from me. First off, even with pub crawl happening, the clientel at Networks is your typical hotel bar clientele. Being under 35, and not trying to get laid while at a conference out of town, I felt like an instant outcast. Secondly we came to Networks to take advantage of the pub crawl special of $1 beer and wine but once we made it to the bar we were quickly told it was a misprint and pretty much treated like shit after that. Jason, the "manager", strolled over to the bar with a fresh plate of assorted appetizers pizza as most people would call it, with his cheap suit jacket and an earpiece. I am not sure if he felt powerful with the earpiece in but it really helped add to the entire douche vibe. He was short and unaccommodating with our party and not even apologetic for the misprint. Mistakes happen and if Jason was a little bit better of a manager, he could of convinced our party of 8 to stick around and spend some money at his bar even if we did not get the discount we originally thought we would. Jason needs to remove the stick from his ass, the ear piece from his ear, and take a few more management courses before I would even consider returning.
Never going here again and you shouldn't suport them either. The OWNER (blonde) was at the bar. We sat at the bar and didn't get a hello. Nor did we get menus. We sat for a few minutes before she slowly walked around to come wipe down the bar in front up each one of us without saying excuse me, hello, nothing. She went back behind the bar and continued cleaning glasses. Finally handed us 2 menus for 5 people. Still no hello. I had to ask a couple minutes later for a 3rd menu.....a couple of us just shared menus. About 5minutes later she walked over with a piece of paper and said "what are you guys gonna get?".....yeah, hello to you too. The first person ordered her beer and before she could even say what she wanted to eat the lady moved on to the next person. Normally this is okay but after almost 15 minutes of not being acknowledged I think we have had enough time to decide what we wanna eat. So, this place's burgers are al a carte and I understand we should pay attention to the menu but it's almost unheard of that your burger comes with no side. So my friend got her burger and wondered where the fries where. She was informed she can buy fries for $4. Fine. But it should go without saying that when such a common item soo commonly comes w a side the waitress should explain while ordering that you can add a side if you like. the guy next to us had the same problem. So, tipped her 15% and i didn't wanna give her anything but my fiance used to work in restaurants and won't let me leave less than 15%. Anyways, as we were walking out my fiance gave her the benefit of the doubt to say goodbye and he told her "have a great night!". She didn't look, respond, nothing. We were invisible, all 5 of us, walking in and again walking out. Never going there again because I refuse to support someones success when the owner won't even greet customers. Horrible service. I'd give zero stars if I could but it's impossible. Plus the food is decent. Again, the al a carte thing isn't clear.
If you want your debit card to be charged twice, go to the North location...16810 North 19th Avenue! I am still trying to get them to recognize that they over charged us for our meal and give us a credit. This restaurant does not deserve your business...too many good places in the Valley to do business with.
Will never come here again!!! We went there for breakfast a Saturday morning. They took forever to take our order, bring us drink and to bring our order. Waitress didn't know menu, she look so lost!!! when our order came back my eggs were cold and my house potatoes burned!!! Bad experience overall. I give them one star because I can't post without it :/
Not impressed by this place at all. The bartenders were not friendly at all and the place looked like a dump. Not suprised since it was off Grand.
Not good. Just got an order of cashew chicken, and it literally tastes like chicken pot pie. The sesame chicken is very bland, and the crab won tons are cold and gross. If you're craving your typical Chinese food, I wouldn't get it from here.
Just missed them. They are closed , I wanted to try the shakes I'll go elsewhere. Not much change still the same.
First, you must understand that ABF is NOT a full service moving company. ABF is a freight company that provides a freight trailer and ships your items. Packing, loading, and unloading services are contracted out to local moving firms, all of which is coordinated by a company named MoveBuilder. One moving company will pack and load your items at your current home, then the items are transported to your new address where the unloading is performed by an entirely different moving company. This makes it very difficult to keep your items organized. Other moving companies maintain the same crew from start to finish, which goes much smoother. The major problem I had was with the estimate. A telephone interview is performed to generate an estimate. I provided all the details requested, and received an estimate of $7100 for everything (full packing, loading, transport, unloading). At the time of loading, the moving crew discovered that the trailer provided was not large enough to hold all of our items. The representatives at MoveBuilder stated I would need an additional 7 feet of space in one of their other trailers at a cost of $2700 -- a 38% increase in price over the estimate. I spoke at length with them about this, and they offered no other options (e.g. split the cost, subsidize a UHaul, etc). When I asked about the gross inaccuracy of their estimate, they stated that their estimates are usually very close and had no explanation for what happened in our case. I would recommend avoiding this company unless you have a relatively small amount of stuff that you can easily pack & load yourself into a POD. Go with a traditional moving company if you need to pack & move a household.
Check your takeout order b/f you leave the parking lot. I ordered a shrimp enchilada platter & they forgot the rice & beans. The enchiladas were good but ruined by too much cheddar which overpowered the enchiladas.
This place is great if you bring a group of friends and ignore everyone else 'cause it's a meat market. Everyone there seems to think they have the right to stare...even touch. The only times I've ever been is for a bar crawl or because someone wanted to meet there. Honestly? I'm not sure what the appeal is. Much more interesting gay bars in Phoenix have closed and yet this one keeps truckin' along. Perhaps they have loyal patrons, some look like they've been coming for decades.
BUYER BEWARE: They will take your credit card and have you sign a piece of paper for opening a tab. Problem is they always put charges you didn't authorize on the card. Just recently I went and had bought a round of drinks, myself and two other people. The bartender said it was $12.00 and thats all I got for the evening. Once I looked at my credit card statement they had actually charged me $40.00 instead of the mere $12.00. This isn't the first time this has happened, there are three other occasions that are being investigated by my credit card company since this appears to be the way they do business. Be wary of opening a tab here or you might end up paying more than you actually should.
I used to like this bar for being a "neighborhood bar". A recent situation with a friend showed me that this place is definitely not the type of place which would represent the gay community nor the modern (current 2014) gays. This is a stagnant old mire of very bitter rotten old men who are very insecure with younger gays. It was sad that we liked this bar for a long time and when the bartender became involved, that confirmed the regular mold clientele. Definitely not worth it.
Leonard. Leonard. Leonard. Is there REALLY even a Leonard that works there? Leonard goes to work and then takes an 8 hour break. I called Staples to follow up on a print order and he told me he was going to have to call me back because it was time for his break. I then went to the store and ole Leonard was too busy on his cell phone to help me. The only upside to this place is the nice female that works in the copy/print center.
Mediocre selection. I was told by many people that this shop had the best selection of vintage gear in Phoenix. Aside from four or five decently priced vintage Fender amps all the used gear was used within the last 10 years and not priced well.
Tucked away little hole in the wall restaurants generally fall into two categories: authentic little gems or somewhere you might get dysentery. Burger Factory falls solidly into the latter. I got the Chicken Enchilada plate with rice and beans. The red sauce was pretty good, but most likely came out of a can. The rice and beans were alright, but buried beneath a generous helping of lettuce, guacamole and what I think was tzatziki sauce. I mean, sour creme generally doesn't come with herbs and seasoning in it. The chicken -- if that was what it was -- was barely recognizable nuggets of meat. Fatty, tough and rubbery in texture, the meat caused me to give up barely a quarter of the way into the meal. After I dumped the rest of the food in the trash, I brushed my teeth. I won't be returning.
I haven't been here since 2012. Said the only thing I would go back for is the shredded beef tacos. Well nothing has changed food is lousy and staff is rude..I can't believe all the 4 and 5 star ratings for this place. This use to be one of the best Mexican food places in town. My family has come here since the 60's.
A previous reviewer mentioned Ihop and Denny's. Right on. Might as well mention LePeep and other bland, vanilla, overcrowded "restaurants" too. All I will say is this: Until you've had a waitress dripping with sweat (Dripping!) deliver your food, you can't complain. So, I guess we CAN complain. Grow up...Go someplace real.
It's always surprising to find yourself on the wrong side of the zeitgeist. Such is my experience with Mary Coyle. I've gone to MC several times over the last couple of months and only one time could I bring myself to actually sit down. The place is filthy. On top of that unpleasantry the bus staff is likely to be found smoking in the back parking lot while un-bussed tables piled with half eaten sundays and used napkins run amok. The last two times I visited there was a strong and very obvious sewer issue. How people can eat here is beyond me. Maybe I was just unlucky and my three experiences were not the norm. I certainly hope so but I can't bring myself to give them a fourth chance.
We check the secret garden from the outside and we thought it was a nice place for our wedding and instead of doing the wedding package we decide to make a reservation for 20 people since it was just for our closest friends and they give us a $40 dls per person deal (3 entrees) my wife thought it was a good deal. .....NOT, we arrived at the SG to take some pictures and for our surprise some guy was kind of weird about it bc we were taking pictures , his excuse was he gets paid big bucks for wedding packages and i guess our wedding was a small fish compare with the rest , we didn't sign any contract whatsoever ,he said another bride got upset bc we had our small party there we didn't see anyone at the reception room !! .....another point we were surprised by the choices we had for food , the waitress was ARROGANT & a bit BITCHY,one of the server was an ASS when he was arguing with one of my friends about the wine bc my friend wanted another glass of red wine(x brand) and the server kept saying he poured a different brand, at the end my friend end up drinking the server choice, we had a couple of kids sitting with us and we wanted a different choice besides FISH OR LAMB .so i asked the waitress if they can order something of the regular menu, my surprise, she said it can't be done.. C'MON ,!! we didn't ask anything for free,I said just charge the amount in a separate bill. She said it can't be done, I wanted to speak with the MANAGER about the poor service and the food coming sooooo LATE but one of the hostess told me he was busy.... REALLY!!.?? The place was empty!! We were the only ones in the place ....we end up paying close to $1,600dls for at least 15 people FAIR PRICE?? We didn't think so..HORRIBLE management ,HORRIBLE service. I WON'T SEND PEOPLE THERE!! Well if u hate someone send them there so they can have the worst day of their lives with ARROGANT,BITCHY,UPTIGHT people
Had a very bizarre and disturbing experience with Alta Vista. I would not go back or recommend them to anyone. When I made the appointment over the phone the staff was not overly helpful or friendly. When we arrived for our appointment the staff did not greet me or my dog or respond to our arrival in anyway. Instead the three staff members at the front desk were bitching about other customers and the other staff. They were in really grumpy moods... talking about walking out. I had to ask them if they would like me to sign in or to fill out paperwork. I was told when I made the appointment that I could expect the appointment to take 1/2 an hour (after I asked). I sat with my dog in the waiting room for almost 1/2 an hour before a woman casually asked me if my dog had been weighed yet. We weighed her and then I waited again for a long while. Then we were moved into an exam room where I again waited. The strange thing is there were no other patients the entire time!! I was told twice that the vet and people helping me had to keep leaving the exam room to go back to a meeting! I was given almost no information on the reason I had brought my dog in. I decided to leave with no treatment. There is more but I will save you the details. Suffice to say it was just all around a bad experience and a huge waste of my time.
My partner and I went for an early dinner. We were inspired by reviews on Yelp and Echo Magazine. When we entered we got escorted by the Host to a table for two and supplied with menus. He was not welcoming or talkative, just doing his job. Shortly after, came the waiter, who was hostile and obnoxious, to take our drink orders. He made no eye contact and seemed impatient to get our order over and done. The girl server who brought us our drinks and the chips with salsa was the only kindness that we were shown throughout our short visit. There was also a screeching child making the atmosphere even more unbearable. The chips and salsa were underwhelming and my Sprite tasted like it was dunked in toilet water. I would have reviewed the food but the waiter never returned to take our order so we decided to pay for our drinks and go. No one stopped us to ask why. They just didn't care. I don't know if their food was good or not but we know when we are not welcome. It was one of the worst experiences we've had in Phoenix.....Manuel P.
how in the WORLD does this place get a 5??? Like a good little planner, I called 30 minutes ahead of my intended pick up time, it was after all 1pm I thought maybe there'd be a lingering lunch crowd so I wanted to give them ample time. Arrived to an almost full parking lot so I thought wow I'm glad I called it in. well there are no rewards here for that! Upon entering, what seemed to be the assistant manager or at least the alpha of the cashiers told me to 'step aside over here' because I was a pick up. Then in the next moment she says oh actually go ahead & get in line. I look to my right & see a line of, not making this up, no less than 13 people. Excuse me??? I said, isn't this why you call in an order, to avoid this? to which she said "well we just want to make it fair". Whaaaattt????? oh i'm sorry i didn't know this was the USSR bread line version of pizza joints. maybe they should call this place Politically Correct Pizza, instead of Pino's Pizza. In economic times like these, you are just plain stupid if your company misses the customer service beat. I will NEVER go back to this place. Now, you're probably wondering, but what the pizza good? tasted like a rubbery triscuit & $23 for 2 truly small pizzas (smalls at other joints are not THIS small, geesh). their crust is absolutely horrible, it's a painful ripoff of cibo or bianco but doesn't even come close! what a trainwreck.....
No working website and no answer on their phone when a I called three times. Guess I am ordering from somewhere else.
I was here today and found a hair in my sandwich. I was willing to overlook this, but then my sister found a hair baked into her cookie. That is more than I'm willing to overlook. maybe they should employ hair nets. They need to do something to regulate before I ever go back. I saw a dude sneeze into his hand too. Sandwiches are good, but I just don't trust the quality at this point. Sacks is goin in the litter box
OMG! what is the rave about? this place is disgusting! it's dirty and the food is not worth it! i came here with my family and we each order a little bit of everything that is suppose to be good and popular there. unfortunately everything is bad. i walked by the waiters and they were all cursing really loud in vietnamese to each other. the table is icky and it smell like my cooked up oil . ick! go to Pho ao sen instead at least it's clean.
Pho-yuck this place! I was tricked in to going here with promises of great Vietnamese. I was ready for a culinary adventure and what I got was a ride in the fright house. The Bnh xo was so greasy I couldn't eat it, it was literally served on a plate of grease. The bun was about the same. It lacked flavor, the rice noodles were slimy, the spring roll was loaded with grease. I ordered some sort of plum soda drink and it had a cup of salt on the bottom of the glass. The service was horrible and I will not be back.
Saw such great reviews but was very disappointed. The Pho was overpowered with star anise and something else. Not very well balanced in flavors like I'm used to with Pho Thanh close by and homemade pho. I ordered the #1 and got maybe 1 edible piece of brisket and the rest was tripe. Read good reviews on the banh mi sandwiches but they were out of bread. I will most likely not be back again as it was memorable in a bad way.
If one star means "Eek! Methinks not," then one star it is. I'm not even sure what I got from here was food! The outside is shady indeed, the inside is in fact shadier, and the food and service... you get the idea. I ordered the beef and broccoli lunch which included fried rice - a safe bet at any Chinese place. What I ended up with seemed like some sort of gelatinized beef fat... at least I hope. If it wasn't fat, I have no clue what it was. And the fried rice looked something like rice, but I don't even know how to describe what it tasted like. Needless to say, I didn't take 3 bites of the plate before throwing it out. And I kind of feel sick just thinking about it. I haven't found a great Chinese place in Phoenix yet, but I can guarantee you I'd avoid even driving past this place -- and I suggest you do the same.
I ordered today a delivery order and was told it would be about 45 minutes. An hour and a half later, I called back to check on the order and was informed "the guy is on his way" and then was hung up on. I called back and asked what the delay was and had the food been driving around for the past hour or what's going on. I was told "look, u want the food or not? I just don't care. I will cancel the order if you want" I DO CARE!!! I asked to speak with owner or manager and was told, "look nobody cares so take it or leave it". RUDE and RUDE NOT Recommended!!!
They never answered their phone. Maybe they're out of business?
My mother had two procedures done there this morning. Ultrasound and MRI. Staff was really nice but the Issue is that when we get there they spring a $640 co-pay on her. They did not tell her ahead of time so someone who is already under immense stress. This caused her to panic about the procedure. I think that this should be on the check list of the pre-registration.
So it's my twentieth anniversary and I haven't got flowers for my sweetie in a while. I decide now is a good time to do that. I'm also a big proponent of supporting local businesses. Of course I check Yelp first to find out what are the good shops in my neighborhood and I find one - Arcadia Flowers. They don't seem to have a website, so I google them. I get a hit and there's a nice picture of the inside of their shop. Seems like a nice place to me. Below the picture there's a link. I click on the link and this takes me to justflowersdotcom. This is where things start to unravel. I'm thinking, oh, they must be affiliated with this site like Teleflora or others that I have used in the past. A national site that uses local shops for delivery. So, I proceed to look at the arrangements and I find a nice one. After some fumbling around with the ordering system, I am finally able to get flowers ordered, two days before the big day. Remember this - it's important. So, the big day rolls around, and long about early afternoon I get a nice text from the wife thanking me for the beautiful flowers, with a picture of the bouquet. It looks NOTHING like the picture on the website that I used for ordering. AND, it came from a different shop. EARLEY's FLOWERS. Well, Okay, the wife is happy, I'm not real happy with what I feel was a bait and switch, but what's important is that the wife is happy. Day two rolls around, less than 24hrs after delivery and I get a text from my wife, the flowers are wilting and turning brown. Now she is not happy. Now I am real unhappy. This was my twentieth, arguably not a huge milestone, but pretty darn close and I wanted it to be special. Seems I was the only one that cared about this. I contact justflowers, who pretty much give me the runaround for several hours, and after several phone calls and emails back and forth, I send photos. I hear nothing from justflowers. FIVE hours later I call and speak to somebody that has a barely understandable accent and it's like "what's the problem?" I explain patiently. Then, the reply is "well, we talked to the shop and they don't have any fresh flowers like you ordered". I ask, well, I ordered the flowers several days early, if you could not get them why didn't you contact me? You have my contact information, right? Yes, he replies, but that's it. So, I press on, "Are you going to do anything about the wilted flowers?, I mean, this was a big deal for me and it's pretty much ruined at this point." Then he launches into a big explanation about how they can't always provide exactly what I ordered and when that happens, they switch the flowers out with bigger and better flowers. So, I say, why didn't you do that in this case? You just decided to send flowers ready to wilt anyway? Sigh. To make a long story short, they say they will switch out the flowers tomorrow. Whatever, the moment is ruined, I've spent half my work-day trying to salvage it and I feel like it's all been wasted effort. Earley's Flowers doesn't really care, justflowersdotcom doesn't really care and my anniversary has been tarnished. NOTE TO EARLEYS: you only get ONE twentieth anniversary, if you screw it up, too bad, there are no make ups. You guys screwed this up for me. Thanks. There are no makeups. And just to be fair, I called justflowersdotcom and told them to cancel the redelivery. I've had enough of this problem. Next time I will call Arcadia Flowers for my flower needs.
I set an appointment to get my dog groomed and I get there and they wont take her because I did not have her shot records. First of all, I was not told to bring them, my dog is just a puppy and barely 4 months. 4 months is time they need proof of raibies. I talked to the manager and I told him my puppy may not evan be 4 months yet, I got her from a rescue. He wanted proof that she was under 4 months old. REALLY ! You are an idiot. I will take my dog where we will both be treated with respect. I will never go to that store again. Poor management
I had a bad experience here coming in for the first time. The food selection is below average compared to other vietnamese restaurants. I usually drive by and the parking lot is always empty and so was the place when I walked in. Never again! The worse part was the waiter seemed desperate by trying to upsell me the most expensive dish there and saying they ran out of the food for the first two items I randomly chosed. Don't know if he was lying or not but the way he said it seemed shady. Also, at the end I paid for my meal in cash. As soon as he received the cash by hand, the waiter responded with a "Thank You Very Much" as if he assumed I was letting him keep the change (which was a lot) as tip when in fact I wanted it back. The poor service there definitely did not deserve a large tip!
OK, I read other reviews for Harbor freight and I've come to the conclusion that we don't care about quality anymore. we want cheap. That's what you get here, CHEAP... No Quality. As I said, I shop there too, but I try to be careful what I buy there and not expect much. For instance, I bought a generator and paid $20 for a 2 yr warranty. First one went bad after the 3rd or 4th use (about 2 months). I took it back and got generator number 2. That one never worked at all. When I took that one back they informed me that the 2 yr warranty is good for one exchange and I would have to pay another $20 for a new 2 yr warranty (THAT'S NOT A WARRANTY). I managed to get the last one without paying the $20 (not sure how that worked out). The other option was to return for refund, but there would be a 20% restocking fee...WOW! CHEAP CHINESE GARBAGE...Mostly!
Just called at 2:27 am after being locked out of my apartment, because I left my key with a neighbor to look after my dog, while I was in the emergency room. She's currently unreachable. The man who answered the phone was either so out of it, because he was tired, or maybe even drunk, he was incomprehensible on the phone. After finally gaining some composure, he asked, "Where are you?" I told him my location, and he replied, "I'm sorry ma'am, I can't." I thought this was a 24hour service. This is the closest locksmith to my home. Should I sleep in my car tonight? Maybe beside the pool in one of the chairs until the apartment opens up in the morning, and I can get a key... Horrendous service. Not even worth the call. Can I give ZERO STARS?
If you enjoy social injustice, poor business ethics, being completely disrespected, and ripped off, "La Huas-teca your money and run" is sure to deliver. I really thought I'd be a regular here after my first experience. I even tipped the nice lady that served me 40% on my first trip. Today changed that: after the staff member requested that I pay almost $3 more than the same meal that I got on my first trip, and despite the fact that the real value is clearly stated on the menu, he still demanded the extra money. I gave it to him, figuring that if he wants to take the money and earn his employer a horrible review, so be it. After I gave him his stolen money, he didn't even have the courtesy to thank me in any capacity. I asked for the name of the 5'3'', 145 bugger and he called himself "speedy." Speedy he is- at trying to make up crap and take your money. So, unless I get some kind of written apology from the owner, I am done with this place and suggest going elsewhere.
Currently still waiting for my food. It's over 30 minutes late and I ordered 1.5 hours ago.
Attended a wedding here a couple of months ago and sadly, I was VERY unimpressed with the food although the presentation was decent. I guess that makes it worse, when the food looks good but taste yuck! The gal that left the review in July has a big surprise coming, yes, the customer service is good, the servers were friendly but again the food was lame and bland. There were two meat dishes, (fajitas and a small, dry steak) veggie enchiladas (made with flour tortillas, cold and covered with some indescribable sauce), and the blandest black rice and beans I've ever tasted. There were also two salsas, again pretty but bland. Most of our food was cold and even though it wasn't a cold night by any means, the food seemed cool when we received it. I am not sure what went wrong and I imagine that it must be very hard to keep all that food warm, tender, moist, flavorful etc. but I felt sorry for the bride knowing she must've paid a pretty penny for the spread. Of course we told her we loved it, what else would we say? But you may want to really examine the food at your tasting and ask for recommendations from other brides or customers.
Dear Albertsons on 19th Ave and Northern. You SUCK! Seriously, wow. I decided to give Albertsons a whirl on Saturday for my dinner party grocery needs. I needed a ton of produce and meat. I bought a 10 pound bag of potatos, got home and they ALL had eyes, they were soft to the touch and green. I bought 3 pears, they had some bad bruising on the inside that wasn't easily detected from the outside (otherwise I wouldn't have bought them). I bought 1 sweet potato, started to peel it and it had black spots all over it. Who ever is running the produce dept over there is not on top of things. The meat selection was good. Better then my close by Fry's. I liked the wide aisles, but it was hard to find things. I will stick to my Fry's and Safeway that are much closer and don't sell bad produce.
Don't go to this crappy school. It is not worth the money. I transferred from another Art Institute because they misled me seemed to care only about getting your money. The Phoenix location makes me feel like going back to Portland for that type of abuse. Phoenix is much worse. The teachers don't give your grades promptly, nor do they explain what they are expecting to see from you to determine the difference between a 79, 85 and 93 on a project for example. They are supposed to submit these grades so you can check them online. I have yet to have a teacher who actually does. When you finally corner your teachers to get your grade, they just tell you that you are doing fine. I was a straight a student with a previous BS degree. I attend all my classes and turn in every assignment on time. I am an actor pursuing a film and video degree, I have never considered myself an artist (drawer, painter, sculptor). I do not mind having to take these classes for my degree, but I just wanted to keep my GPA high. I have never had so many B+'s in my life. Some folks would be OK with those grades, however, I am a serious student and pride myself on my GPA. The teachers at this school don't seem to care about truly helping students. It definitely seems like they just hand out grades arbitrarily and don't place much emphasis on returning your tests and assignments promptly. Even some of my A's were just given to me because of how the teachers may have felt about me. If you are not in the culinary program, then you are definitely the redheaded step-child at this school. If you are not a video game nerd, an artsy gay looking femme, or a hot fashion design chick, then you may feel like an outcast at this school. I am a non-traditional student and a transfer student, their bullshit sales tactics and focus in not designed to reach these demographics. I am clean-cut, in my 30's, prior military veteran, former college football player, and have already worked in the profession I am pursuing a degree in. I have yet to feel welcomed by any staff member or fellow student at this school, accept for security when they ask to see my ID. You are not allowed to pick your own classes or schedules at this school. They "somehow" register your classes for you, then you have to go through much hassle to change it to a more convienient plan. If you are a transfer student, (even from another Ai in the same degree program). Prepare to be screwed in you degree audit. It is very difficult to find personal tutoring on a project or software program. Even though they advertise differently. The only decent thing about this school is, that they do have decent gear and equipment, and the people who work in the rental cage are very helpful. However, you have to have permission to check out gear overnight or over the weekend. This just seems like an extra hustle, and other schools don't have this policy. All in all, this school really sucks. If you are disciplined and focused you can get what you need out of this school, but you will regret the price and experience later. If you are a virgin, nerd or loser looking to meet and mingle with your peers, and figure out what you want out of life, then this is the school and experience that you need to have. Otherwise, if you are young and seeking the traditional college experience, or older and already have a job and other obligations, then I suggest you go to a "real" college or university. ASU or U of A are some good ones. They don't need to hire and train people to be sleazy salesmen in order to pressure you to come to their schools, they actually have prestige, and they don't need to advertise solely to losers at home sitting on the couch, watching daytime network TV, dreaming about a career in....Like the Art Institutes have to.
Beware of very high tuition costs with very little results. Not worth the money.
This company is the "wolf of wall street" wanna-be's. I have family who own timeshares in Cabo Azul and would never do business with these schmucks (also wont be able to because they don't work with HIGH_END TIMESHARES). They pre-purchase ALL their inventory and when you call to reserve... well "it's not available." The CFO Jeremy Rowley is a hand fed, Pre-Madonna 2nd generation rich kid who can't understand normal thinking. He walks around the "sales floor" like he knows everyone. He has no idea what is going on "over the phone". All he knows is, Chris Cole aka the director of membership sales is playing Frisbee golf. If you BUY A MEMBERSHIP TO WESTGATE CRUISE & TRAVEL, (PLATINUM OR "LIFETIME"), ICE PLATINUM, ICE REWARDS. They are all the same inventor (which is bullshit and over-priced). If you ever get a chance to speak to Elizabeth Campbell...... ex sales women, turned supervisor... well you will hear the "run around' aka "we will get back to you," "let me talk to my manager," aka BULLSHIT. All in all.... this is just another phone room!
This place is terrible. Might as well get some canned goods from a local grocery store and attempt to make yourself a "mexican plate". Never will I go there again.
Horrible service and food. Worst beef Enchilada I have ever had, even I know Mexican Rice doesn't have peas and corn in it, and margarita tasted like it was poured from a can. This is not considered real Mexican restaurant in my eyes. Was definitely a waste of money!!
Don't waste your time. Ordered fajitas and the onions were raw! Chicken was bland no flavor. The rice tasted like something out of a box minus the salt. We will never go back. You think Phoenix would have great Mexican food but I can't seem to find any.
DON'T stay here! I don't care how cheap it is! Scary. Dirty. Scuzzy people. Run down interiors. Missing items. Go 1/2 to 2 miles north on I-17 and you can find a hotel just as cheap and much nicer. The other 2 reviews are 1-2 years old. I live in Glendale/Phoenix and only rented a room here for New Years Eve night. I wanted to have minimal driving to do on New Years and rented this close by room. I only live 6 miles from this hotel. I've lived in AZ 33 years and the immediate area. The area is good. The hotel it self is scary, dirty, old on the interior, felt very unsafe, has drug addicts walking around and a lot of scary long term people renting from here. There were 3 holes punched in our bathroom door, the microwave was missing, all the pots and pans were missing, there was no iron, no ironing board, no closet door, dirty lamp shades, dirty bathroom sink and sink top, and there were only 2 forks, 2 plates, 2 spoons, 2 mugs, 1 spatula, 1 glass. It was also a very small room. There is no living area and there are 2 chairs at the kitchen counter. On the outside, the hotel is very pretty and very deceiving. The lobby is directly at the entrance when you pull in. I paid and drove around to my room. I wish I drove around first. There were obvious drug addicts standing in the parking lot, lots of really scudzy people came out of their rooms looking at me while we were looking for our room, and we immediately felt unsafe. I've stayed at about 250 hotels and have never felt unsafe. As soon as I walked into my non-smoking room, you could smell an old cigarette stench. This is suppose to have a fully equipped kitchen. The microwave was gone and all the pots and pans. I immediately went down to the front desk and told them. They said "Oh yeah, that's the room missing the microwave". They said they would try to find me some pots and pans and didn't. They did bring a microwave to the room and offered to move us. This is obviously a hotel that charges to very cheap monthly renters and shady looking people. We drove both of our cars to this hotel and were worried about parking in front of our room. We parked our car in front of the office for safety reasons. It's a good area. Just a bad hotel. We were just going to grab our stuff and not stay the night, but because it was New Years Eve, we didn't want to be on the roads. There's lots of other hotels very close by. Skip here.
Complete rip off! They completely scammed my 75 year old mother. Came out and charged her almost $900 to repair her water heater. Could have gotten a new one installed for quite a bit less than that. The guy was out there for hours banging away wasting time running up his rate. This occurred several months ago. My mother tried to dispute the bill with her credit card company. These pirates got their money. Avoid!!!
By far the WORST hotel I have ever stayed at. This location is a disgrace to the Marriott chain. The hotel itself is very old and dirty. The elevator doesnt look like it has ever been cleaned or vacuumed. The sheets on our bed were dirty when asked for a new set they gave us two flat sheets. Of course the sheets werent changed the following day. Then my husband and I both forgot our phone chargers (iphone & blackberry) and of course they are no where to be found. So not only is this place a dump but things disappear! The customer service was terrible when I called about the chargers. I know typically Marriott properties are a safe bet but stay away from this one! It is terrible!
My family and I stayed here in March 2014, unfortunately I waited last minute to book a hotel for an event we were attending and this was our only choice. It was way over priced for the condition of the room and area. The carpet was filthy, the comforter had cigarette burns in it, and I felt unconfortable and unsafe the whole time we were there. When we arrived it appeared someone was moving out, at first we thought we were at the wrong place because this place looks like a rundown apartment building. And yes these people lived there because they moved a whole uhaul truck out and did it all night long. The place is full of druggies as well, we found some guy looking in every car window checking for unlocked doors and when my husband confronted him he said he was just looking for a cigarette, then told my husband to have a nice day, ha. This guy was so high and hung around the hotel all day. The guyat the front was nice and helpful, but that would be the only good thing about this place. Definitely don't stay here especially with children.
On May 29th, Chapman Mitsubishi had an ad in the Arizona Republic for a brand new Mistubishi Lancer for $13,941. When we tried to purchase the vehicle, they said they could not sell it for the advertised price, even if we were paying cash. They insisted that I paid almost $1000 for a "Desert Protection Package" that they could not remove from the car. The salesman said this is how all advertising is done in the area and that you could not buy a vehicle for the price listed in an ad.
I'm fairly surprised at how many good reviews on this are here. This place was absolutely disgusting! The food was so bland and tasted like it had been sitting for a couple days. We should have known better when we walked in and the owner was sitting there picking his ear! The waitress lady was nice but the food was horrid and we all felt sick afterwards. This place was recommended by a friend and now I have to murder her! STAY AWAY!
Went for lunch today. Took forever to get waited on. When the order arrived, it was screwed up. Asked for ground beef taco. it was shredded. Server said the cook is "in love." what does that mean? she got the order right. I ate it anyway, but no offer to take it off the bill. Next time Popos.
I took my Lab for lunch on the patio. I had asked last year shortly after the patio was completed if it was OK and was told no problem. Well when I showed today, I was questioned if my dog was a service dog?? I said well she is today jokingly. I was asked for my papers. I was told that they had not taken the time to fill out the paper work for the pet friendly patio. but it was OK this time since I was the only one on the patio at 3pm in the afternoon. Make up your mind. Either do it or not. finished 1/2 my beer and lunch and left. Not worth the hassle. The food was good as usual.
I got a pedicure from here yesterday. I was not happy. Jeannie didn't cut my cuticles very well so I could see there was a space between the polish and my toenail. I told her about it and she argued with me. I will not return. This place was completely empty the whole time I was there and now I know why.
I would give no stars if allowed. Betty at checkout was extremely rude and abrasive. However manager working at the rear of store was helpful and gets the star here.
No! I said - NO!!!
Just don't do it. Arrived early for cosmic bowling on a Saturday. The lady at the counter took down our name and told us that we could go for a drink at the bar until 10pm when cosmic bowling started. We grab a drink at their bar, then before 10 pm we headed back to the counter. The guy tells us that we have to wait in the long line like everyone else. We tell him that we arrived early and our name is on list. He fights with us and then decides to give in and assign us a lane and let us pay. We got lane 16 ... If you get this lane... run! Our ball got stuck SEVERAL times and it randomly gave people strikes without the ball even being thrown at least 5 times. We had to go to the counter several times and stayed patient. Towards 1 am I told the employee that we had a pretty bad experience and again our ball was stuck. I asked if there was anything he could do. He said: I will let you finish your game. (We only had 2 frames left.) I was not happy with this response but it was better than nothing so I took it. I turn around and the other guy Averill turned our lane off. I ran up to him to let him know that the other guy said we could finish. He didn't care. We returned our shoes and I told him that we were very unhappy with our bowling experience. He tells me: well you only complained a couple times. He then said: you obviously haven't been here on a Friday or Saturday night. This was not the response I was expecting from a team lead. I gave him my shoes and we left. There was no point saying anything to the employees. They don't care. They hate working on Friday and Saturday nights obviously. They are unwilling to offer anything to disgruntled customers. I will never return here again! And No this is not my first time attending a cosmic bowl on a Saturday night. What an insult! Averill and the staff were horrible with customer service. They deserve 0 stars. I don't recommend this bowling alley to anyone!!
I went to dinner with my parents and ordered a steak. Everything was great, but as I cut into my steak I cut into a paper wrapper that was left on? The manager/waiter was nice and brought out a new steak, but by the time it came out we were done with everything else. Basically, it ruined my meal and in return ruined our family dinner. The manager have us a free piece of cake, but really since we had to take the food home and will probably never reheat it the food that was messed up should have been comped. We all agreed that we will not be going here again. If you do go -- do not order a steak!
My husband was worried about my Yelp cred when I told him I was going to write a Yelp review for Chili's, but I told him it was my duty to report our experience. We walked in to Chili's at 6:50 on a Thursday night. Chili's was about half way full. I was actually surprised it was not very busy because it was a couple days before Christmas. Anyway, we decided to sit in the bar area. We sat down and ordered our drinks, 2 nonalcoholics, and a sampler platter. Our drinks took at least 10 minutes. I became a bit nervous because I am pregnant, and I knew I needed food in a timely manner. Our server walked around the bar area as if she were a patron---slowly and without purpose. She didn't speak to us other than to take our order and drop off the check. No convo required, but a check in would have been helpful. She also had almost every table in the bar area, which eventually filled up. Still, no sense of urgency. The best part of Chili's is the acoustics. We could ease drop on the table next to us without a problem while we waited for our food. We heard the table complaining to the manager that their appetizer was taking forever. I was appalled to hear the manager blame the long ticket time on another table---apparently, another table stole their appetizer! Meanwhile, we are waiting for our appetizer. One appetizer ended up taking 30 minutes. I am not kidding. 30 minutes. When it arrived at 7:35, it was cold and the dressing were warm, meaning the food sat in the window for quite a while, waiting to be run to our table. As we finished our food, the table next to us finally got their food. While I know my review should be about my personal experience, I thought it was pretty interesting that the table next to us had the same level of service we did, but they actually spoke to a manager, twice. We were at this location for about 45 minutes, and the only time I saw the manager was at the behest of this irate table. Chili's is not our normal stomping grounds, and this experience reminds me why.
We placed an order at 735 and asked if they delivered to our address. They said yes, for $3. They also said it would be 40 minutes. An hour later...we called to find out where our food was! The guy who answered said "oh I was just getting ready to call you...I can't deliver to you. Its too far." Um, OK! Way to run a bad business buddy and keep your word! The ratings here aren't even that good but we thought we'd try it since they supposedly delivered to deer valley road. BTW, if you are in our area, Pronto Pizza does deliver, FOR FREE, and their ratings are better than this dump. Thanks for nothing, pink lotus!!!
This office has the worst office staff ever! Your placed on hold when you call for up to 15 minutes and then once the pick up they are unfriendly and unprofessional. My advise "go somewhere else"
I called the health dept on this disgusting place and a inspection will be happening soon. I also filed a complaint with the BBB. As for anyone thinking of eating here, I urge you not to if you have any shred of dignity.
During the week when they were cleaning the bathrooms (at 7:30 am), I waited for the cleaning crew to finish cleaning the showers for over 40 minutes and ended up having to towel off in the bathroom prior to work. I tried to find a customer service person to help me, but no one was available at the front desk. Not good!
Home Depot is usually pretty good. Not this one. The customer service is usually awful and the cashier lines are rarely ever open. Unfortunately I have to go to this one for work and I leave frustrated every time.
We tried eating the food but it was just like trying to fry water, it's a YIKES and Eeks! Methinks not! We also got the same service as Yelper Susan D. We got the impression that we were a bother coming in but we got that treatment from two women working there. But I did get a smile from the one woman when she saw we stopped trying to eat and left almost all our food and she offers boxes I say no then she says, "YOU NO LIKE" I just smiled back and that is when I got the smile or maybe she was holding in laughing not sure. I will say I did like the hot tea we started out with and my husband got the $3 extra soup , egg roll , crab puff add on . My husband thought the soup was good and the egg roll was crispy . I ate the crab puffs and they were fried nice and the oil seemed fresh I thought the crab puffs were better than most places because they almost looked like crabs . At this point the service didn't bother me because I thought the food would be good . I ordered the spicy eggplant with chicken and I don't know how it was prepared but the chicken was minced unseasoned hard and dry , the chicken was NOT EDIBLE . The sauce was not spicy it was like they dumped egg drop soup (with out the egg) over the chicken and stir fried eggplant. The thick chicken soup or sauce didn't taste good it seemed house made but it seemed like they didn't use any aromatics or salt or pepper in preparation and instead of good the sauce tasted like the way raw chicken smells also lacking any Asian Seasoning . Wong's was generous with the amount of eggplant in my dish but I couldn't stomach the sauce on it. I ate mostly steamed rice I think it was regular rice because it fell off my fork and didn't stick. My husband ordered the Szechan Beef and neither of us could eat that one either although it was very slightly better than the spicy eggplant chicken . The beef was tough but it was seasoned but not in a good way it was very salty and I think like you dumped soy sauce on it . The sauce tasted very thick like brown gravy mixed with soy sauce and vegetables were mostly celery and a few mushrooms . I know I already said enough but depending on where you sit in the dining room you might have a strangers butt near your face because half the dining room is raised and you might be next to that and who know, that person might need beano . I would NEVER SAY not to go here, You might like your food that way. Also I am guessing and Hope the REAL COOK wasn't on and they are normally better....I HOPE My husband left hungry and stopped at the Hot Diggity Dog Cafe Cart that sets up at the Home Depot Parking lot on Bell and 67TH he said the $4. Chicago Style dog was really good and said he'd stop there whenever we get bad food out. I lost my appetite.
Never again will I go here. Got to the room and it had a horrible odor. Almost like a smokey smell mixed with bad BO. Also the shower had no hot water and no water pressure. I showered at 1:30am so saying that everyone else may have been showering at the same time is not an option. Also it's a habit of mine to pull the comforter off the bed since I know they hardly wash those, when I did there was a huge yellow stain in the middle of it on the inside. Plus gum on the arm of the chair (gross) oh and chips. Not my chips. Chips under the bed where I had stepped on them. Worst stay of my life, I wish I could get my money back. And when I complained about a few of these issues the front desk lady looked at me like I was lying about the smell of the room and she didn't care about the shower issues. Do not go here! There are plenty of other hotels in the area. Also I even took pictures of you want to see them!!
Quality of wash and services are terrible ..after 20 years the amount of rework is to the point it's not worth it.. sorry Vicky
This had got to be the worst food and environment ever! The place was filthy, the food was gross. $11 for what? REALLY BAD FOOD! Never again. My little brother says "YUCK...poor doggy"...he says he is not kidding, he said it did not taste like anything he has ever had before.
This hotel sucks. If I could give it a 0 I would. The hotel was in a unique area of town. There were some weirdos near the hotel. I saw people just hanging around and stuff. I also saw a lady just posted up. She was looking at every care riding past. She was either trying to get some drugs or looking to turn a trick. The room also sucked and had a big sign that said MAKE SURE YOU LOCK YOUR DOORS. I was ready to get out of there. Thank god we left at 5 30 the next morning.
I went in for a routine oil change and was told that there were $750 worth of critical repairs needed to my front and rear brakes. I took my vehicle to Honest-1 on 59th Ave for a second opinion and none of the repairs were needed. Beware of their recommendations, they can cost you!
If I could give less than 1 star I would. This shop was recommended to me by a co worker when I was out looking to purchase my first road bike. I went in expecting to have a great experience but walked out vowing to never go back. I went in looking to spend between $1500 and $1800 for the bike and was told that the only bike they had was over $2000 - above my budget and that I would just have to order the lower priced bike, prepaid of course. While taking a minute to think about it they guy walked away and started helping someone else and when I started to ask a question he totally ignored me. I guess they figured that they didn't need my business. I walked out and never went back. Horrible experience and with the fact there are so many other shops in the area I will go without something before i go into this shop ever again.
I used to like coming here for UFC... The service has always been a bit questionable, but the food was decent enough to make up for it and best of all, no cover charge. I came for lunch a month or so ago with coworkers and discovered the new menu. No more sweet potato fries, no more jalapeno bottle caps, no more cheese curds? Say it ain't so! Also, all new servers, and the bathrooms somehow have gotten even more disgusting. Functioning locks on the doors would be nice. Tonight was the last straw. A waitress or manager, and then a child (yes, really) kept coming on over the speaker to announce the drink special. We'd been there since 5pm, and so had just about everyone else. The final time was DURING the lightweight title fight, mid-round. I don't care if I have to pay a cover to go somewhere else. I'd like a wait staff that will notice garbage on the table from the previous customers and CLEAN IT OFF WITHOUT ME ASKING! C'mon! I'm not sure if most of the changes are due to a new owner or manager, but the servers need to be trained, and the overhead pages to announce drink specials need to stop. It's loud and annoying. Also, screwdrivers as a special on Saturdays is maybe appropriate in the morning, but how about long islands or rum and coke later on? I'm not going to drink a screwdriver with hot wings and pizza on a Saturday night.
My wife and I always heard good things about this place. We were wanting to go to Tagliani's, but thought we should try Native New Yorker for once, to see what the hype was about. We were sat quickly and the lady seemed pretty nice. Unfortunately she rushed us through our decisions and never offered any helpful options or features/benefits. Happy hour lists appetizers being half off, but that's only some of them, and conveniently, the three I was considering were those. I understand there are small prints on deals at times so that could easily be overlooked. The buffalo chicken dip appetizer we ordered was really good, but only worth $4 maybe $5 size-wise and could have been a lot better without the chunks of chicken. My wife ordered the veggie calzone with pepperoncinis and mushrooms. When this came out we were both impressed with the size, but the bread didn't have much flavor. Along with this, recotta cheese was a very "strange" cheese to include being that its so grainy and overpowering. It ruined the calzone for me altogether. I ordered 18 wings on the bone. 6 suicide, 6 hot, and 6 pineapple teriyaki. The wings had a good amount of chicken, more than any other restaurant, but the sauces ruined it for me again. I can handle a lot of heat so my opinion may differ from others. The suicide sauce wasn't very hot, but there were so many red pepper seeds everywhere and they were actually pretty gross, unless doused in ranch. I felt they tried so hard to make them hot, they ignored the taste factor altogether. The hot wings were very good and decently spicy. The pineapple teriyaki wings were ok, but seemed almost soggy because of possibly soaking the wings in the sauce for hours, absolutely doused. I'm not sure which wings caused it, and I NEVER get heartburn, but I did here. While we were waiting for the bill, we realized our server was the only serving the entire restaurant. I understand this isn't her fault, but the restaurants. The bill finally came, she had overcharged us for the calzone. All minimal things that could be overlooked, but so many that it ruined the entire experience. With waters and those meals the total was $30.20. I tipped $5 and got the hell out of there. Should have gone to Tagliani's. I took the extra food home, not to waste, but it just sat there in fear of heartburn again. If you go for drink and wings, I imagine it could be somewhat of an enjoyable scene being the bar top tables are all close and near the bar and there are tv's everywhere. I would have given 2 stars, but my stomach hurts now.
I just put a review in here for this place and now I need to add an update. Do not go here, they are unprofessional and rude. I called them today around noon to find out when they close being Christmas eve. I was told 4pm so I planned to be there around 3:30 to pick up some gyro sandwiches for myself and my mother. I arrived at 20 minutes till and parked in front. When I stepped out of the car the owner stepped out and said they were closed. This to me is not the way to run a business. I said it was not 4pm yet and he didn't say much then just walked back in the store. Damn rude if you ask me. Puts me off from going back to this place and I will not recommend it to anyone. Makes me wonder if the lost business was worth going home 20 minutes early. "Update" I went in to King Gyros a few days ago mostly because my mother loves the meat here. Right when I walked in The owner in the back started yelling at the women behind the counter. I was thinking he must read yelp and realized I was the one who gave him a bad review. Turns out he was telling the woman to give me a free gyro because they were closed when I arrived on Christmas eve. He told me he remembered me and apologized for being closed. I would say they redeemed themselves in spades. I now will recommend them and go back.
Great for kids haircuts. Terrible for adults. Never going again
The only retarded district that doesn't test 4 yr olds. My daughter can't go to school because her birthday is on October. That's messed up, how can you deny a child the right to go to school and learn. Her preschool even says she should be in kindergarten because she knows more them any other student
OVERRATED OVERRATED OVERRATED They've done a bang-up job of public relations and convincing the trendy sheep that this is the equivalent of a pizza orgasm. Hmph. It's OK, not great, but it's not like there aren't other wood-fired pizza joints in Phoenix. By the way, I know real Italian pizza. I eat it regularly. In Italy. So don't give me crap about, 'go eat at Domino's, you don't know good pizza.' I do. Believe me. I cook Italian (tuscan) regularly. Pizzeria Bianco approaches traditional Italian pizza, so I'd ordinarily give it 3 stars. However I downgraded it to one due to the rude, rude, rude service and how incredibly overpriced it is. Gotta hand it to Bianco though, he's got a good scam going. I mean, he's really got it figured out. Hype the shit out of the place, bribe/suck up to all the restaurant reviewers who convince the sheeple that you gotta go here if you're 'somebody', brown-nose the local celebrity crowd into coming there (I'm sure they get treated much differently than us peons), make the restaurant too small and get people to spend money at your wine bar while enduring the insane wait for a table. Fucking brilliant.
So we had heard about this place from the pizza book and we show up and I kid you not the place is the size of my shed and there is a line out the door and around the front of the building..... just to get your name listed. We finally wait in a 40 min. line and get to the front where the snotty little bitch, rolls her eyes and musters up with - It's a 6.5 hour wait. So your table will be ready at 10:30pm. WTF? So you're telling me i'd get faster service and better pizza if I boarded a plane for Manhattan and even get to eat my favorite pizza -BEFORE this place can seat me? Seriously I am not sure if this man is a fucken retard or a a genius? Get TWO sheds !!!! You had SOOO much money walk away that night and I am sure it happens night after night... But no then there are the idiot hipsters and yuppies who insist on waiting around, getting drunk and spending money at the bar......... "oh the bar" ... you say. YES, the bar is often the place restaurants make the most profit. So perhaps he is a genius, because the place was packed there as well. Treat them like shit, tell them no and to go away and wait at the bar for 6.5 hours and see how hungry and drunk you will be at 10:30pm I know what you're saying italiano. Oh and with only ONE bathroom for both men and women.... don't expect the line for the potty to be any shorter. YES WE LEFT!!
The ONLY thing I like about this dinasour is entering through the kitchen. Unfriendly bartenderS, two of them, food is ok, but let's not go crazy here, it's not great. Just another "institiution" that gets a free pass because...I don't know why they get a free pass. The red-flocked wall paper is older than dirt; so are the waitresses. Just so mediocre. So many other places to go.
This place is absolutely disgusting. Packed with people who look like they've been on a crack binge for the past month. Screaming babies are everywhere. Absolute hell. Avoid especially if you've had a drink in the past week, it will definitely give you a hangover.
Absolutely horrible. I'd be offended if I was Mexican.
Horrible food! Vomiting now. Salsa nasty, your better off buying dalsa from a jar. Restaurant looks dirty, menus dirty and sticky. 1 taco for 4.85 ! Food was just nasty. Definitely not authentic in any way! Taco bell has better food, and im not even a taco bell person. Save your money dont go here!
everytime i have been here it just appalls me this place is still in business. "This place seems like a total dump," while it may be out of context to Jaime M's review. i will confirm this place is a dump. it's horrid. i have on more then 3 occasions seen roaches scurry across the ground. on one occasion witnessed a minor stirring beans in a large pot. never have i had a good experience here. some of my family members love this place and come and drink margaritas from noon till they decide to leave. so i have been here enough times to know this is not a one time occurrence bad review. margaritas are cheap. but that's because they are shit. in my opinion. i like tequila with my margarita mix. umm thanks. the food. ugh. more then a few occasions i have had intestinal discomfort. the taste is good. but the second coming of Jesus 40 minutes later is not good. i hate to give this place such a bad review because my family will hate me. but I've voiced my review to them enough they should expect this. stay away. there are MANY Mexican restaurants in Arizona. and if this is authentic Sonoran. holy crap. i prefer the non-authentic Sonoran i get from other restaurants. i would go to Manuel's over this place any day.
**** Warning danger bring a fire extinguisher!**** Can you say FREAKING HOT! I am all for a little spice in my food but holy GEEZUS! OK for those of you that like hot hot hot I mean burn your face off then later your BUTT! You might enjoy this plethora of torture. Me not so much! My dumb-ass sister drug me and 4 other family members that were visiting from Illinois to this fire pit of hell! We ordered 2 pitchers of Margarita's that were more like dinking lemonade. Yuck and they were way over priced 30.00 each Kick - ass pitcher my ass. I asked our server "how hot is the green chili"? His response to me was "it's mild". I then proceeded to order the Machaca chimichanga with green chili sauce. I love a good Machaca Chimi. We waited for our meal sipping the lemonade AKA Margarita, munching very salty chips. Mine without salsa because one bite of that left the tip of my tongue stinging! The food arrived it was a huge portion; I thought there is a go box in my future. I took the first bite, more dough than anything as usual with a Chimi. The second bite brought my temperature up about 10 degrees. I continued thinking I must have gotten a seed or chunk of pepper. The third bite woohoo 3 alarm fire in my mouth! After sucking back an entire glass of water and several tortilla chips. I decided it was the green Chile sauce on top and began pushing it off and away from my Chimi. I go in for the middle of the Chimi where the Machaca is and no sauce. Hells bells are you kidding me that bite was the hottest of them all like I had found the scotch bonnet surprise!!!!!!!!! I surrender! I cannot continue with the taste bud massacre. I think I am scarred for life. At this point my lips are burning, I am sweating, and I am devouring a bowl of chips trying to put out the inferno raging inside my mouth. My poor cousins are experiencing the same type of hell. All except for my cousin Jenny who has no tolerance for heat and got the most expensive cheese crisp in Phoenix 6.95. Its cheese and a tortilla people! I stopped the server and said there is no possible way I can eat this it is entirely too hot. Is there anything on the menu other than the cheese crisp that is not hot? He brought me the menu; I found a garlic shrimp dish and ok sounds good for 13.95 I got 5 very large shrimp covered in melted cheese. They tasted like the following recipe place 5 large shrimp in a small casserole dish sprinkle with as little garlic powder as possible, add a hand full of cheese then put in the microwave until cheese melts. It was awful gag gag gag; it had no flavor at all I could even taste cheese. Ok I will wrap this up as I now am rambling away. I am not a spice whimp I love Wasabi and lots of it, but this kind of hot is not for the average person who likes hot. I cannot tell you if the spicy dish was good because the heat ruined it for me and my family. My sister is the only one who liked it. I will not be back, not worth the drive, the time, the money or the recovery!
I went to this location one other time and have went to the Ahwatukee and Mesa location. Which I love. Well last night I went here. I waited a hour for a table. Which I am fine with. But the service was terrible. The people next to us stopped the mgr and asked could he take their order. He did but when we asked the same thing he said he would be right back. No one came for 30 minutes. So now we were there for almost 2 hours with nothing ordered. Once we did order they served me the Shrimp Veracruz with store bough tortillas. I asked what happened to the homemade. I was then brought homemade but told for my particular meal THE OWNER said to serve store bought. Really? My dish is the most expensive item on the menu. So why skimp. The food was good but the service was terrible. Also my friend never got his taco. Our server acted as if we were an inconvenience. No worries because I will NEVER GO BACK there.
I enjoyed this place in the 90's. But I really don't see why it still exists. Does anyone buy CD's anymore? I can get any DVD/BluRay I want on Ebay. If I wanted tacky trinkets I could go to some place like Spencer's in the mall or Red Hot Robot if I fancied myself "cool." Perhaps its time Zia faded away like the VCR or countless other pieces of 20th century technology.
"We asked for Mojo Nixon / they said he don't work here / we said if you don't got Mojo Nixon / then your store could use some fixin'" - Dead Milkmen, "Punk Rock Girl"
Crabby employees, ridiculous prices and no restroom for customer use. Dumb!
I don't understand the hype. Is it because it's in the same plaza as a gelato joint and zen 32? Oooh, and sweet potato fries served in a cutesy mini shopping cart?...no thanks. The burger was just so-so, but nothing I wanted to even continue eating after the first bite. On the plus side, better than IHOP or Denny's for a late night, after the bar meal.
Went for lunch with my wife who works in the area. The place was loud & crowded. We waited 10 minutes to be seated and the service went downhill from there. I ordered a beer, server asked for my ID, which I handed him, and he ran off with it (I assumed to check it). 5 minutes later he returns with my ID but not my beer! I finally got my beer shortly after. The food is overpriced and marginal at best. It seems like it is a place to go to be seen as long as you don't care about mediocre food at a Biltmore district price. When we were ready to leave, we waited for the bill. Then waited some more. Then more waiting. The group of 4 next to us at the table was in the same boat - where is our server & our bill? I finally got up, walked over to the manager & asked for our bill and the bill for the party next to us. He of course apologized. We paid, which took the server way too long to process, and left. I will not be back & I doubt the party next to us will be either.
This place is filthy. It isn't just a dive, it makes a Tijuana jail look clean. I travel often and I have eaten in dumps all over the planet and this place is in the top 5 most disgusting. This food will mess up your stomach. I still have it sitting in my stomach 21 hours later. Not to mention the fact that I think the wife got food poisoning. The wife had the jade red chicken and the chile relleno with the jerk rice and refried beans. The jade red chicken was dry, the chile relleno was covered in crackers and the chile was raw, and the beans tasted like they came from a can. I had the diablo chicken, jade red chicken, jerk rice, and refried beans. Like I said, I'm pretty sure the beans are canned. The diablo chicken was a little gamy and dry and the jade red was dry. The jerk rice was ok. Long story short? Don't bother. I don't know what Guy Fieri saw in this place.
Don't do it unless you like that I wish I hadn't feeling. Checked out because it was on DD&D's - will not go back. Over cooked over sugared food service Chinese , disgusting gloppy beans, facility itself is filthy.
I've been here many times...Mother's Day with family, dim sum with book club, etc. But I will not go back again. I stopped in to ask the owner about a donation or reduced price for a class of under-privileged kids that I volunteer with. His reaction was to scoff and shoo me out the door while handing me his card and saying I could email him. He turned his back and headed off to the messy newspaper-strewn table he haunts between guests arrivals. Maybe he's a community-minded business owner, but then again, maybe he's not. I'll be dining elsewhere.
We went to Cibo last night, our service was awful!! We were seated and waited ten minutes for a glass of water. Many of the tables around us were seated after us and received their food before us. Our waitress was just beyond rude, and would not even look at us when taking our order. The food was only ok, and the worst part of it was four of us got food poising! I have heard great things about Cibo, but our experience was horrible!!!! I will not be back!
Overpriced. Tiny dishes.. Food was cold. Avoid at all costs.
I get it. I get it. EVERYONE loves FEZ, and EVERYONE loves their sweet potato fries, blah, blah, blah. Yes, I agree. The food is great. I love their salads. I love their pomagranate margaritas. But you know what I love even more? Being acknowledged when I show up to spend my hard-earned money at a restaurant. I hadn't been to FEZ for over a year because I had a horrible encounter with the wait staff on a particularly slow Thurdsay night in December. I brought an out of town friend for dinner because I had been raving about the food to her forever. I was a regular. I lived in their hood. I believe in supporting local restaurants, especially the great ones. So we show up. Very few diners, lots of wait staff. We were promptly seated and then ignored for over 20 minutes. No water, no silverware, no "I'll be with you in a minute." Nothing. So I was getting pissed. I signaled a server from across the room simply to ask him who our server was and instead of coming over, he held up a finger to me to suggest I continue to wait and then he turned and continued to flirt with the guy he was talking to. He wasn't even working. He was chit-chatting. So we got up and headed for the exit. As we passed he said, "Are you guys leaving?" Um. Clearly. I haven't been back. Doesn't matter how great the food is. I work too hard and there are too many other restaurants in CenPho that need the support to waste my time and money on those who don't want to waste their time on me. Moral of the story: I'm done with FEZ. I respectfully decline when my friends are all going, and to their lovely credit and support, they usually will go elsewhere too. Although I know they're sick of me telling the story of why FEZ is on my black list. So kids, spent your money elsewhere. Sweet potato fries are a dime a dozen.
It was the service, not the food that was terrible. I ate at the bar, as I frequently do. The server could not have been less interested in me. Asked for my drink order as she was sprinting away...took my meal order as she was sprinting away again....neglected to give me a set-up (napkin, knife, fork) so I had to filch one from a nearby table...failed to notice my empty glass. And gave me the wrong order. As she later explained, she simply didn't listen. The "right" order eventually came... but not the way I had ordered it. OK, they did comp me on the meal. And she did apologize....sort of. But I had to wonder if the mix-up was due to the fact that I was the lone female diner in a steady stream of males. So, ladies, forewarned is forarmed.
We come here at least 52 times a year. Lately things have been going down hill. Today I ordered the Short Rib Hash because I heard it was so good. It came out burnt to a crisp. I mean the meat was so cooked it powdered when touched. Burnt to a cinder comes to mind. The last few times our food has either been overcooked or undercooked. We are going to give the place a break for a while until they change back the managers or whatever is going on...
This place is very small. The waitress was not nice or accomodating. The bathroom was in the kitchen. The kitchen had grime all over the floor. I'm probably not going back. Palette is much better!
To be fair, we went to Matt's based on the raveswe read on various sources. Like the emperpr's new clothes, we fail to see what the hubbub is all about. I recently went to breakfast there and order a cheese omelet with home fries and wnet away hungry and very disappointed. The home fries were mostly uncooked and badly seasoned, The eggs were hard and disappointing and the toast was hard and cold. This was very unsatisfactory and it is certain that Matt's Breakfast lives off its laurels and not the food.
Came here on a Thursday morning with the boyfriend to eat and was greeted by a girl who looked like she just got to work after a night out At the club. I couldn't decide what to eat from their huge menu of 7items. The night club waitress informed us that the eggs benidict was the special today. So we ordered one each. Low and behold the plate was 11dollars each. I wouldn't have minded paying that if the food was good but it wasn't. Small portions and incredibly salty. Just terrible! I couldn't even eat my food. I wouldn't even go back if someone paid me. Maybe the people there should pay more attention to the food instead of trying so had to be hipsters.
A group of us went, will never go back, the service was awful and the OWNER did not care at all. WILL NOT GO BACK.
Promised myself after my last visit that I shall never return. That was 2.5 years ago and I haven't been back since! Went in and sat down in a booth, had dinner, ordered some drinks. We had been there about an hour (dinner + 2 rounds) when our server came over and said, we need to give her a credit card because our tab was over $50 and we were sitting close enough to the door we could walk out on it. I looked her square in the eye and asked if she thought maybe there might be a better way to word that, like "I'm sorry guys, I forgot to take a card to start your tab, do you think you could provide one?" She got very defensive and started telling me how people walk out on tabs by the door, so again, why didn't you just get one to start with instead of coming to our table in a combative manner. The bar is actually pretty cool, but that little bitch sealed the deal that I will never return, nor will I recommend it to any of my friends. EVER. We paid the tab, left a $20 tip on a $50 bill, and left.
Update: After more careful thought, I hate Carly's. I wish a delicious food place would kick out the wait staff, bartenders and food and keep the restaurant exactly as it is. Hey Green, would you mind doing a yummy food revolt in dowtown?!? Wow, after some thought, I really cannot recommend Carly's. The problem with a cool place like Carly's, one WANTS to-but past first impressions and pretty ads in Java magazine, it just doesn't go far. I first tried to eat here about a month ago during the day, and it was seriously SO HOT in there, I asked if they had a heating problem (like it wasn't lack of AC-it was a fucking sauna in there). The waitress replied, "I think its PERFECT" and walked away. Ok. Promptly left. There was no one else there. After attending a talk at the Heard, we all just wanted a quick bite to eat before Shady's. Once again, not a whole lot of people in here. Took a while for someone to get to us, and I just wasn't excited by anything on the menu. I guess if I ate meat, I would be all over their sandwiches-but nothing else was really appealing. I settled for the vegan wrap, and it was...um. Boring. Like, BORING. I didn't even finish it, and while I did take it home, I think it was the first time I ever offered a leftover to my brother. I went and got a drink, I can't find it on-line, but it was seriously one of the all time WORST drinks I have ever had..I mean, the ice wasn't even present, it was like ROOM temp, and disgusting. It was some kind of lime/tequela or vodka...I don't know. I tried to finish it, got halfway through grimacing the whole way through, and gave the rest to my friend who studiously ALSO did not finish it. That is bad. Broke artsy people refusing alcohal. UH_UH. Not right. The service has been trying, but it is still really poor. I think the idea of Carly's is good, the decor is awesome, and the meat based sandwiches seem to make people happy and they are open later-so its worth a try, but wow...that was pretty mediocre.
DO NOT EAT HERE FOR ANY REASON!!! The food is the worst BBQ I have ever eaten. How does one mess up teri chicken?? The "lady" who took our order was very rude. The teri sauce and katsu sauce were thr same thing, and it was soy sauce with sugar!!!!! Hungey 11 year old baseball players wouldn't even eat it. Do not eat here!!!
I had a cake made form here...12$ a slice , It looked very pretty and tasted terrible. I would have been better off going to the grocery store.. Its totally not worth getting a cake form here... and when I complained with the company, they told me that it must have been stored at the wrong temp. Cake balls I ordered were good, but again the cake was super disappointing...I am very sorry I ordered form here.
Convenient when shopping in Desert Ridge Marketplace, however, the pizza was just AWFUL. There was too much of the cornmeal on the bottom of the pizza (who uses cornmeal on the pizza anyway?) and the slice was cold when they took it out of the oven. I would not go back for this pizza.
How to turn a potential 4 star review into an instant one star review. Everything went pretty well when we rented our car from Enterprise. I don't blame them for the long bus ride from the airport to the rent a car center or the poor signage at the airport for how to get there. I don't even completely blame them for the fact that our car smelled like cigarette smoke. But turning the nice little Toyota Camary in after a pleasant Thanksgiving vacation and being told that I had damaged the car was one way to ensure that I never do business with them again. When I pulled into the lot and got my bags out of the car a cute little girl with a slide rule and a electronic gadget came over to do a walk around. No problem so far as I'm concerned since the car was either parked in my sister's yard all alone in Mesa or in the valet section of the MGM Grand in Vegas what could possibly have happened? That's when she told me about the "dings" on both the passenger and driver side doors and asked me if I had noticed them in our first walk around when we picked the car up. "Did I see them then? I don't even see them now." I said. So she walked me down to the corner of the car so I could look down the side of the car and see where the light refracts a little where the ding can be seen. "Seriously?" I was immediately dumbfounded and angry. (Which, by the way, is a sure sign of poor customer service.) So I asked to talk to her manager. She said sure but he would tell me the same thing. She called him and rolled her eyes. When he showed up I told her specifically not to tell him what she was seeing and asked him if HE could find it. After he had a little trouble spotting it she went against my specific instructions and told him where it was causing me to go ballistic. (Another sign of a poor customer experience!) I launched into the whole sister's yard, valet parking lot thing and added a bit about stopping by Target for 20 mins to pick up some Fabreze to get rid of the tobacco smell. And he started to back her up, until I made it clear that even though they had me over the barrel because I had a flight to catch this was completely unreasonable and seemed like a scam. If they want to really provide a service they should have that same eagle eyed attention to detail on the initial walk around, but if I have to be the one on the defensive from day 1 and feeling like I have to wrap the car in bubble wrap to prevent getting dinged when I bring it back then they can consider me a lost customer. After my tirade the manager decided I was not going to pay and he said we were good to go. Too little too late. National has never asked me to do a walk around, in case you are wondering who to use instead. I just bring my own bottled water. The other Kevin S. Update: I had to use Enterprise in Issaquah, WA when my car was being repaired and the service was pretty good. The 1 star rating is for the Phoenix Enterprise office at the Airport.
My wife and I were intrigued by the concept, but disappointed in the execution. The food wasn't as good as the price would indicate. the pineapple was delicious - actually, the best part of the meal. Although they advertise one charge for "all you can eat" desserts aren't included and they didn't tell us until after we finished them - they also weren't very good either. Stay away.
This was a TERRIBLE experience and I will NEVER go back! The salad bar was OK (and I say this as the NICEST thing about the place). The server was nice but food took FOREVER to start coming. The 3 servers that finally did make it to our table brought unedible beef cabobs (not only were they burnt the flavor was terrible), ham that was not any better, but my final straw was when a HUGE slab of fat was served to my daughter's friend. At that point I asked for a manager because it was unacceptable. The OWNER was no where to be found. The waiter said he agreed with me that the food was not acceptable but said he could not fnd the owner. We waited for the owner for over 5 minutes and the waiter said he was still trying to locate him. Another 3 or 4 minutes and the owner comes. I expressed how unsatisfied we were with the service and the food and he said this is how the food here is. I said I was more than happy to pay for WHAT WE ATE but the food was unedible and even showed him the fat that was served. He then proceeded to say (and I quote) "you people always come in here and try and get free food". I am not sure if it was because we had a 10% coupon off or becuase my family is of ethnic background but the comment was 100% unacceptable. I said we didnt eat hardly anythin as he could see the lack of food on our plate. He then proceeded to lie and say he SAW us all eating. I asked him how -as he was not even in the resturant and he said he would call the police? SERIOUSLY? ! I told him that I was going to be posting/blogging about my experience and he said "go ahead...I dont care who you tell" so here I am! He charged us 170.00 for the WORST food in the world. NEVER EAT HERE
My husband had been here years ago when it was Fogo E Brasa (not sure how to spell that) and gave rave reviews, but our visit last week was beyond disappointing. As soon as we gave them the go to bring out the food they came in droves overwhelming our table of four people with four of five servers. We could barely turn the sign to "pause" and even when we did they kept coming and acted annoyed that we wanted some peace and quiet to eat our food. Awkward and uncofortable to say the least. The servers were ill experienced at slicing the meat- peices fell to the floor and our table top. To make matters worse 50% of the items they brought out were dry and inedible- as if they had been sitting on a warmer since lunch. (We went at 6:30pm on a Wednesday.) Brazillian steakhouses are pricey- and understandably so- but don't waste your time or money here.
As I'm writing this review, I am sitting in the restaurant, and to say that the quality of food and service is poor is an understatement. From previous visits, the range of meat selections has been significantly downgraded. The meat carvers are not doing a good job and appear increasingly I'll-trained. They no longer have premium meats and are over salting nearly everything. Given the quality currently, the pricing is simply outrageous--topping out at over $40 per person not including dessert, it's truly a rip-off. Choose Fogo de Chao in Scottsdale. Make the drive and pay more money, and you won't be disappointed as we were tonight.
That place it's bad and overpriced Don't waste you money and time!
Sadly disappointed. I've passed Lola's an uncountable number of times and each time thought I needed to try it. I finally did tonight and was terribly disappointed. For anyone that has been to Firefly in Las Vegas there is just no comparison. The sangria was decent but nothing special and the tapas were just "so so." The atmosphere was busy and our service sucked, but it was a very unique and cool environment.
$12 margarita made with Jose Cuervo.... don't waste your time.
For a restaurant at a resort, this place was a disappointment. Customer service should ALWAYS BE NUMBER ONE....Service was not very good. I even think that we were bothering the waitress because she would not acknowledge us. So I got the attention of another waiter who ended up being our waiter.... For the meal, I don't think Arizona knows how to make a fish taco....they should ask So-Cal....IMHO....You never put iceberg lettuce in it....just crappy, especially for the price! $4 a fish taco.... The one star is for the peach tea....It was very good.... Sorry Hole-in-the-Wall, you need to work on your restaurant skills....
I'm a northern California, transplanted Arizonan and came to visit family in Phoenix. I was craving some real Mexican food and from reading the reviews on Yelp and also the recommendations of the person sitting next to me on the flight down here, I called for directions while waiting for my luggage and my sister and I went there for lunch. I don't know what constitutes good Mexican food in Phoenix, but I wished we had gone to Taco Bell instead. We both ordered the same combination plate of shredded beef taco and tamale. We also ordered something called queso fundido and 2 margaritas. First of all, the place is very festive and decorated nicely....that's really the best I can say for the restaurant. The margarita was good, nothing spectacular, but good. Now for the food: Everything we ordered came all at once. So, we got the fundido and it was served in a basket with the melted cheese in a crock on top of the flour tortillas...hmmm...where do you think that crock had been sitting before being put on top of food? The "tacos" were dripping with grease and if there was meat inside, it was hard to find. But the worst of the meal was what was being passed off as a tamale. It was a chicken tamale, which where I come from (Tucson) is NOT a traditional tamale filling and the menu never mentioned it would be a chicken tamale. It was dry and absolutely flavorless. We had to use salt to give it some kind of flavor! Did I mention the service was lousy too? Couldn't wait to get out of there. Crossing this restaurant off as a food destination when visiting Phoenix!
WTF PEI WEI? I shalnt and willnt be returning to this location EVER AGAIN! Not only is the cafeteria like dining area lacking personality, it's now remarkably uncomfortable. On to the real reason we all USED to frequent the Asian affiliated eatery, the food. Unfortunately somebody decided to redo the menu, dropping a few of my favs which was tragic in itself, I mean I didn't even get to taste goodbye. My number one, numero uno did make the cut, Mandarin kung pao and i have always been close. But without the chunky pieces of chicken I have come to love and expect, It seems we have drifted apart. Something we said we would never let happen to us. Do yourself a favor, avoid this pee wee altogether. ((sobbing begins))
Wow... Let down, the food was great, best burgers ever....Not anymore!!! Thinner than In & Out Burger. The waitresses are awesome but the food took a turn for the worse with their recent remodel... What were the owners thinking? How do you fix something that is great? You don't you leave it alone!!! Too bad, so sad... Won't be going back, was in there on Saturday night and very few people there... Now I know why.
Dingy dining room poor rushed sevrice. Lobster bisque not fresh at all. Chopped salad was all wilted as if it had been plated hours ago and then dressed. All the veggies were wilted. Chicken dish was rubbery served with overcooked broccoli and 2 dull potato wedges. Quite pricey at $24 for a 6-7 ounce chix breast. Even the bread was subpar It was torn pieces of ital bread not terribly fresh. Being used to superior italian food in NYC and LA, this place will never see me again
Two friends and I had been on a camping trip, driving home through the Phoenix area when we decided to pull over and switch drivers (HUGE mistake in Nazi-land, we would soon discover). Right after we got back onto the road, we were pulled over by a Phoenix cop. It was one of the scariest events of our lives. The cop was furious, screaming at us, holding us at gunpoint and forcing us to exit the vehicle. He roughly searched us (with no probable cause) and demanded our ID's. We explained to him that we'd been on a camping trip, and that all we were doing was switching drivers for the last leg home. He didn't believe a word of it (why? we had no idea), despite the fact that all of our camping gear was clearly visible within the car... hiking boots, backpacks, water bottles, etc. We literally hadn't done a single thing wrong, yet he was treating us like total criminals. He searched the car (again, without probable cause), and when we noted that what he was doing was illegal, he got even more mad. He then threatened to "haul us to the station" and "answer for ourselves", and at that point the girl we were with started crying. We realized that this guy was completely out of his mind, and that all the horror stories we'd heard about Arizona cops being evil were not exaggerations at all. This cop was just itching to rough us up, pushing us as hard as he could so that one of us might resist, giving him a reason to beat us up. Fortunately, we all remained calm (except for the psycho cop, of course), and we just waited it out in the scorching heat. Eventually, he had to let us go, as we were just three innocent people that liked to go camping who hadn't violated any actual laws. That doesn't matter in Arizona anymore, however. Everyone is guilty until proven innocent. I'll never set foot back in that Fourth Reich of a state as long as I live. It's become a truly sick place.
This was my first and LAST visit to Quiessence (6-Aug). 1) The power (& AC) shut off several times (approx 8), yet management did nothing to compensate other than an apology after the 1st outage. 2) The $12/$15 PER PERSON price of the 'Chefs Spread APPETIZER' was far too high for the minimal amount of food provided. It took over 20 minutes to arrive ... yet nothing had to be cooked (??). 3) The entrees took over 30 minutes to arrive. 4) In when the bill arrived, they added an automatic 18% gratuity .. for TWO PEOPLE? I've discovered that this standard operating procedure! This is wrong and defeats the purpose of the gratuities. The server have no incentive to provide good service (as was apparent from our long waits). The fact that the gratuity was also charged on the bottle of wine (more on that later) ... deplorable. 5) When I look at the bill, I saw the wrong bottle (and a pricier one) was charged to my bill. We had to ask another staff member to get our waitress (who seemed to have forgotten us). She did take change the bottle, but should this have been necessary at the prices charged by Quiessence? 6) Yes, I know Quiessence is on a working farm. So, they should reduce their prices to reflect their setting (and poor electrical service). This should include better lighting for the path from the restaurant to the parking area I am severely disappointed with my dining experience at Quiessence. I had been looking forward to dining there for years. The overpriced appetizers, poor service, non-apologetic management, and the 'slap in your face' automatic 18% gratuity makes me wonder how Quiessence could survive ... especially in this economy. Other similarly-prices restaurants would simply not allow these issues to exist.
I guess the food was OK for airport food... if it were 1985. How do you make a burger both burned AND cold at the same time??? They've perfected the art. Terrible burger... 10.00 Soggy fries... included Bitter Iced Tea... 2.00 Air sickness for the first time ever... Priceless As an aside, I had my credit card number used several times after my visit to this location. It may be a coincidence, but both my wife and I had an uneasy feeling while we were leaving the restaurant.
MAGGOTS!!!! I wish I could leave a -5 rating on here for Chen & Wok; we have eaten takeout for here for years and always enjoyed it for our greasy Chinese fix. But last night we found fuking MAGGOT in our broccoli. We took it back, got our money and raised a huge stink...other diners also came up to get their money back. That is by far the MOST disgusting experience I've ever had from eating out and I worked in food service for years so I've seen some pretty nasty things. NEVER EVER EAT HERE!!!! I will be calling the health department on Monday. I couldn't believe the girl said, "Well it was probably just something from the vegetables but I'll give you your money back anyway." Seriously?! It's a fuking MAGGOT!!!! So for anyone considering enjoying good ole Chen & Wok, let me say it again....MAGGOTS!!!!!!!!!!
Disappointing. The Avondale location must have different cooks/recipes because I've eaten there multiple times and always been pleased. The Scottsdale location on the other hand was terrible. The location is good, but the restaurant still screams Bennigans or Luby's or whatever it should be but isn't "Mexican." The salsas were blah. Again, Avondale is doing something different. The queso was nearly inedible with a very coarse, gritty texture. The plates came out and although my food was hot, my son's plate was cold. The cheese enchilada was boring. The beef "burro" was.....was....I don't know how to describe it. If the beef was on a hoagie it would have been a bad Philly cheese steak too. But, it was more suited to that than a Mexican burrito. Overall, I apologized to my family that I forced them to go there for dinner. Considering within 2 minutes of driving, there was Maggianos, Gordon Biersch, and a plethora of great restaurants, I was sorry I made them go. As we were leaving, I commented that the best thing I had was the water and my usually easy going daughter agreed. If you find yourself at that corner, pick another place.
The food sounded great but wasn't executed well at all!
Update 11/11/10. Hostess was stuffy and couldn't imagine someone would go there by themselves. So she sat everyone before me then asked me when the rest of my party was coming. No tables left, I sat at the bar not exactly in a great mood. Don't sit at the bar if you want anyone to pay attention to you. When they do, they won't be able to hear you, so they'll throw their arms up in the arm and not bring you what you ordered, until the next bartender comes along and says their co-worker "forgot". Service here must be consistently horrible. I keep giving it another shot and always leave disappointed and in a worse mood than when I came. True to form, the food was decent. Not great, not good, but decent. But decent food + horrible service + attitude + getting elbowed in the head by the drunk guy standing next to you = no buenas dias for me.
Had lunch here because I'd heard good things. Had the steak salad and it was the worst salad I have ever eaten! The greens tasted old, the steak was cold and the dressing was bland. Way over priced for such a poor quality dish. Service was mediocre. The mandatory valet was a joke because the entire parking lot was nearly empty. I won't go back.
Thousands of people immigrate to our country in the hopes their children will build better lives for themselves. Many of these children succeed. Those who don't hang out in Metrocenter Mall. Simply put Metrocenter is a haven for wanna be hoodlums of all varieties. Avoid like the plague.
They should tear down this mall and build a.... well, anything else really. It is almost as crap-tacular as Spectrum Mall which should be renamed Ghettoville. Visit these malls if you're looking for a gang to join. Drive the extra 30 minutes to anywhere else.
What the F*$& did i just go and see!?!?! this place was the biggest shit hole i have seen in my life! i should have known it was going to a crap dump of a mall because i got some a sweet parking spot. i should have turned around when i saw the group of 5-6 homeless people sitting out front by the doors. walked in by the food court and was like really only like what 6 places to eat. walked around, went to the hat store right off the food court, couldn't even hear my self think because the dude had his rap music so loud! don't get me wrong i like me some rap, but this was too loud couldn't even hear him talk! lots and lots of empty stores. went to the pet store and Oh my mother of god that was the most horrific pet place i have ever seen! the cats where all free, like all the dogs where Chihuahuas and when we asked about one because omg i felt so sad for these dogs/puppies, the crack head working the joint said that she was 50 dollars but the dog had kennel cough and have had no shots at all. well WTF yall people selling sick dogs to people for! some dogs had nothing in their cages to sleep on or any toys, a lil bit of food toss in there. i had to leave it was so sad in there! this mall was so jacked up its not even funny. my husband said he use to go to the place all the time as a kid and always busy and lots of stores but not now, he was totally bummed. but really if you are going to a mall skip this nasty mall!
What happened here? This mall is on the decline for sure, im pretty sure there are just as many vacant spaces as there are open stores. On top of that half the stores that are there i've never even heard of or seen anywhere else. This is a little surprising considering the area near this mall has been upgraded with more popular stores and restraunts.
Went for our 31st Wedding Anniversary with a Tablemates Member Free App. and Dessert. I should have known when the bread came out hard and stale...The Blooming Onion app. was the size of a softball...first time in over 20+ years that we finished the onion and we had leftover sauce! The smallest Blooming Onion...ever!.... I got the 3 flights of Victoria Filet special (medium) with Diablo, Peppercorn, and Mushroom Sauces. The whole entre was cold...the filets were so dry and overdone...not burnt...just cold and well done. The potato pancakes were very bland and the green beans were good but again...cold. The first bite of Filet was fatty and had gristle on it....the silver skin left on? At first, I thought they gave me the sirloin...but basically the filet itself was tough and tasteless. The Diablo sauce was spicy; the mushroom was ok; I liked the peppercorn the best. My hubby had the 16 oz. roasted prime rib (medium) with a baked potato and mixed vegs. He was given an end cut, which he did not ask for; his entre was also cold; the rib end was very over seasoned and the butter did not even melt into the potato. We got the 3 sampler for dessert -cheesecake, which was like Sara Lee frozen-ok; the thunder down under brownie, vanilla ice cream, chocolate sauce, and whipped cream-also ok; the brownie was dry and over baked; and the carrot cake with cream cheese icing-very good and tastes like it's good for you. In addition to the disappointing meal, we were subjected to the vile smell of sickening "old lady perfume" worn by a "refurbished" 60+something woman at the adjoining booth. Hubby offered to change booth sides with me but he had continually complained about the old bat's odor, especially when she moved in her booth. Totally Disgusting....I had commented to the hostess at the greeting area when we left about the stench and all she had to say was "so she stunk, huh?"..... NOT A GREAT EVENING...NOT A GREAT TIME......SPEAK UP AND LET THEM KNOW HOW YOU FEEL!
I agree with Lissa, she summed it up very well. I would have enjoyed the spa facility more if the had an indoor jacuzzi and a more comfortable quiet room. Also, I used to Burke Williams because I thought they would have some fruits available like apples and bananas. Nope. Well my deep tissue massage was disappointing. She asked me what i wanted her to focus on, i said my waist up: no legs or arms. In the middle of the massage, she even asked me if there was anything I wanted. I said, could you work on my knots. She didn't. Additionally maybe this is how it's done, but I was on my stomach for the entire 50 minutes. I thought she would at least ask me to turn over to stretch my neck etc. Instead I was bruised up at the base of my skull while she was pressing down. I should of said something.
Old, broken down rides and games. Games are all 2 tokens and most are very outdated or eat the tokens. Don't waste your money.
Generally, I love Greek food, but not at this restaurant. We have eaten at this restaurant for many years and enjoyed the food and the ambience, but since it changed ownership, it is an entirely different. We sat in a booth and the music was Spanish, not Greek. It took awhile for the waiter to come over. When we placed our order for Gyros and a salad, we asked for the salad to be placed on a different plate, without bell peppers. The salad arrived on the same plate as our entre with bell peppers and the gyros was very cold. When we complained, the waiter brought another cold gyros plate. Also, the zsizsiki sauce tasted as if it had spoiled. When we requested another one, it was much better. We never saw the manager when all of this was going on. In the past this was a very pleasant place and we always felt welcome by the management and staff, always trying to please us. This is not the same place anymore and unfortunately we will not frequent it anymore.
What a crap hole of furniture selection! Everything here seems somewhat over priced and most of it seems USED! Not what I was in the market for. What they do have is just awfully ugly. I could have gone to a swap meet and found nicer stuff. I was really saddened after walking through it. Ugh! And as we were leaving, we got to witness a homeless family going through the dumpster in the front of the store. SO TOTALLY DEPRESSED by the whole experience!
OFFENSIVE. Tonight I had the most offensive and unprofessional experience at Yasu; I will never ever go back and I would only recommend it to someone I hate. A group of four of us arrived at Yasu for our 6:30PM reservation and were seated promptly. We chatted for a while as water and other beverages were brought out and we went ahead and ordered the chef's choice menu so we could see the best of the best that Yasu had to offer. I've had great experiences with chef's choice at Yen, Pure, and a number of places in Boston so I expected the same from Yasu. We entertain ourselves for a while until the first course arrives. 8 kumamoto oysters with uni and roe. Great play of textures and flavors. Kudos. Plates are removed and now we are getting excited, sashimi must be coming next and we are ready for it! The special fish selections of the day looked fantastic. About 20 minutes goes by and we get our second course, red snapper carpaccio. it is seared and served at room temperature. One of my pieces had i don't know, tendon or something that made it unyielding to my chopsticks, and frankly, the temp of this dish was iffy. Flavors decent, but this is not the mass quantity of sashimi or nigiri I was anticipating. The restaurant starts filling up. I see a massive plate of rolls come out of the kitchen and I nearly squeal with glee...until I watch it come to rest at another table. This starts happening at a regular pace, and then I realize it's been a full 30 minutes since we've had anything at our table. A server comes by so I ask when the next dish will arrive. She mumbles something about the chef's choice taking a little longer than other orders and walks away. Another cooked plate. A gross mushroom custard, a single shrimp on a skewer, an 1/8th of a cup of japanese eggplant in red miso sauce, a shard of spanish mackerel with some sort of puree, and two bits of jumbo clam. Everything tastes fine, but we are OVER the cooked plate situation. Yet ANOTHER 30 minutes goes by. No server, nor manager comes to apologize for the delay. We watch literally dozens of delicious looking rolls, nigiri and sashimi fly out of the kitchen to other tables. We also watch 4 other couples come in after us, eat loads of food, and leave before us. We are still hungry. Next course...Clams in miso broth. We are not offered spoons for the broth. We look at each other, thinking, "we ARE at a sushi restaurant, are we not?" but go ahead and eat the clams. When the server comes by and asks how it is we tell her that we hope the next course will begin the actual SUSHI part of this dinner. She says yes, we are having live scallops. About 25 more minutes pass and I'm starting to vibrate with righteous indignation. We are clearly paying a fucking fortune for this meal and we are receiving terrible treatment. The "live scallops" are boiling in miso broth over a mini-charcoal grill. They are so over-cooked they are RUBBERY. We hurry to get them off the coals and into our mouths before they are completely ruined. Finally we tell the server that we are going to have to INSIST on getting some raw fish on the table. She says that's what's coming next. "Next" meaning ANOTHER 30 minutes later. We wait so long that finally we tell the server we are NOT going to continue with this absurdity and that we want the check. "oh your next course is ready!" "we don't want it. We want to leave" These are the exact words out of our mouths. Instead of bringing the check she brings the plates, telling us that Chef Yasu "wants us to have them." We all resist and the plates are set down anyway and finally our hunger makes us cave and we eat. We have now been at Yasu for TWO AND A HALF HOURS. We've had five courses that were not enough for two people, much less four. Another 15 minutes pass before the check arrives. In that time, the manager has come out, not to rectify the situation, or apologize, but to call us ignorant and classless. He literally looks at us and accuses, "Have you ever had omakase before? It is always slower." We look at him and tell him in all of our sushi eating years we have never had an experience akin to this. We also point out that we were expecting SUSHI, as in RAW FISH. He tells us we told the server we would eat 'anything'. I asked him if the name of his restaurant was Yen SUSHI Bistro and he looks at me, puzzled. Then I see that we have been charged $20 for the last course that we TWICE tried to send back. I speak to the manager who tells me "if Yasu wants to charge you for it, he will charge you for it." I kid you not. All in all each course was mercilessly over-worked, only average and Yasu is on a major ego trip. Don't waste your time and money here.
There are few places that I make a decision to NEVER step foot into again. Yasu has earned this dubious distinction from me. First, let me give you my background with sushi since this came into question from the manager himself. I have been eating sushi for about 11 years. Some really bad sushi, some amazing sushi. I have mentioned in previous reviews that I have had sushi fresh off a boat in Hawaii. While I don't claim to have had ALL the sushi in the world, I know what good sushi and what good sushi service is. Second, let me tell you that I have had omakase (chef's menu) in several locales, so I know what it entails. I was with a group of friends on my highly anticipated visit to Yasu Sushi Bistro. We had made a reservation and were seated immediately. We quickly decided to indulge in the omakase menu. We wanted the best that Yasu Sushi Bistro had to offer! I always say "Hit me with your best shot!" Well... if you have nothing to do, and aren't hungry...you should do the omakase menu. It took Thirty Minutes between courses. And please don't think we were given platters full of food. This is more like 2 small oysters per person, A plate of 1 shrimp, a couple slices of King Claim, a dollop of Spanish mackerel tartar on a bone chip.... So think tiny gourmet food. So think how hungry and irritated I was Two HOURS later. In a 3.5 hour visit, we had consumed Four tiny dishes. I really tried to be patient, but this is absurd and unacceptable! I finally asked for the check as we wanted to leave and go eat elsewhere. I expressed my displeasure at the slowness of the meal. Now before you Yasu lovers roll your eyes and shake your fingers at me. Let me put it in perspective. At ANY restaurant, it is unacceptable to be the first table to arrive, watch subsequent tables seated, and fed, and watch them leave and you're still waiting to be fed... you would be ticked off too. Now add to that a condescending manager who comes over to talk to you and asks if you have ever had an omakase experience before and tries to piss in your pocket and tell you that it's raining. Unacceptable. Now, add to that the restaurant sending out another dish after you had already asked for the check and then CHARGING you for that dish even though you said you didn't want the dish. I have nothing against the food, though it wasn't very imaginative on the SUSHI level. What killed the entire visit was the slowness of the courses, the response of the management, and the lack of ethical treatment in regards to the check. I will never visit Yasu Sushi again and I bet my stress level will be all the better for it.
Horrible service and cold food. I had such high hopes for this place cause fuego tacos is so amazing. We will never go here again.
the CRYING BABIES were awful, this is not a place for kids at all. We left, it was not a great atmosphere
We chose this disaster during Phoenix Comicon 2012, with 8 total guests. when we walked in, there were crumbs on all the tables that were free. Happily, BNYCP has a roll of paper towels on each table-when they bother to put a fresh roll out. We waited For. Ev. Er. to order. We were finally able to order our 8 slices-we couldn't decide whether to get whole pies or not, and reading some of the reviews, I'm glad we didn't. They put two slices on one "plate," so not everyone got a plate. The pizza itself was not that great. There was lots of sticky, sweet sauce soaking through the crust and dripping off the large and flimsy slices. I'm glad to see someone was able to get a fork-we tried, but we were told we could only get a fork if we ordered a salad. Nice touch! Meanwhile, sauce is dripping off the pizza to land on my shirt or the table. My husband and I chose ham and pineapple slices. I don't know what kind of "ham" this was, but it was actually soggy, with a texture like cheap, generic bologna. Terribly gross. They were also very skimpy with the cheese, so I'm not really sure how that tasted. As we were finishing up, a man came in carrying a toddler and asked if he could use the restroom. Apparently they said no, because he threw a fit, and told the manager (or whoever he was) that it was pretty bad they wouldn't let a little girl use the restroom. Very slow service, not terribly clean, not terribly well-stocked, bad pizza, and no forks or restrooms. I think I'll pass!
I've lived in the midwest so I know what a great concert venue is supposed to be like, and its not Cricket. If its 110 degrees outside (which it almost always is, if not hotter in the summer months) its 125 degrees in and around Cricket. The acoustics are horrible, you cant hear anything anyone says if youre out on the lawn. Parking and leaving is a total disater, I've had to wait in that parking lot for over an hour to get out. And if all that wasnt bad enough, you'll go broke buying drinks. If you want to be sweated on by a total stranger, you'll love Cricket Pavillion.
With dramatic improvement, their customer service might reach a level of "Suck". No wonder the store is next to empty. Burn me once shame on you.... Burn me twice... well, you're not getting a second chance.
Eff this place. Worst. nails. ever. Sloppy and over priced. Ps- the 10% percent off sign they fly 12 months a year is a big ol' sham.
I can't stand the way everyone hyped this place up when it first opened. It's way too overpriced for the cheap, lifeless ingredients they use. The food they serve here is similar to something you can buy ready-to-eat in a bag from a grocery store. Like the salad for example, they give you this huge mound of iceberg mix. Okay, I could have purchased this at the store, thrown it on a plate, and for half the price! Trendy decor isn't the only thing you need these days to run a restaurant, people!
I just came back from this Hotel this weekend. The experience was not great to say the very least. Had selected this hotel based on the fact that they advertised having a spa, steam room and sauna. Well, they do not have a steam room even though they advertise it. The sauna is next to the work out room and is old, feels unsafe and without towels. My friend and I decided to skip our sauna experience and opt for a hot stone massage instead. Sounds nice right? Not...the masseuse gave me a massage while wearing plastic gloves and the lotion was a flowery, cheap lotion scent that had me racing to the shower for immediate removal.. The plastic gloves were the kind you use when you dye your hair at home. It provided the jerkiest, most non- soothhing massage I have ever experienced. It took everything for me, not to walk out in the middle of the massage. The room suite was ok, but as others have mentioned, in serious need of updating and definitely not the Hilton 4 star quality. My friend's rental car got side swiped in the parking lot....no note, left, no witnesses. Had the worst turkey burger in the point of thyme restaurant and the point of view was booked every day for private parties. Would I ever return....not.
I am at this resort right now. We got a "discounted rate" of $170 per night which is still way to much to pay for this place. The property is spread out, run down, rooms are musty with disgusting carpets. Parking on the tiny roads, which link all the buildings, is dangerous and difficult. Restaurants are average and expensive. Wifi was free by the pool and lobby but 14$ in the room. My $8 glass of wine was served in a tiny plastic cup like the ones from elementary school. It was ridiculous. Did you know they make plastic wine glasses now? Yes there are several pools but only the main one is worth going to. The rest are small run down and gross. We are leaving 2 days early to switch to another facility (Marriott) for our last 2 days here which is a cleaner newer resort and $40 less per night. Very disappointing. I'll never return.
DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!! Horrible experience like others.. Let me see ...10 rooms on our single block of rooms but 5 parking spots. Who was the resort planner??? AND NO HANDICAP PARKING SPOTS TO BE FOUND ANYWHERE. Only one trash can on the outside of each hotel block + tiny tissue box trashcan inside means you can either put your trash outside on the walkway where ants and "pests" can swing by or opt to carry it all the way down the hill and leave it next to Valet Parking. There's no one there anyway to ask you to place it in the invisible can. And if you lose or accidentally break your pool wristband, cough up an extra $20 for a replacement. At least that's what we were told. Minimal replies to hotel room issues. Back sliding door only locked if the security latch was used which is high and dangerous if a child, small adult or wheelchair bound person needed to escape. Bathroom door closed only if you leaned against it and locked it. Remotes in both rooms were a joke. Wifi was basically nonexistent so checking in with office emails had to be done elsewhere. This would explain the laptop warriors who angrily sat sipping their overpriced coffee from the lobby (to actually tap into that 'free' wifi). Yes, overpriced coffee and tea! $4 for a small cup of iced green tea from the lobby coffee bar. Not sweetened or fancy in anyway, just iced. There must be an ice shortage at the hotel because we couldn't find the "conveniently located ice machines" anywhere. Not on the map, just a mystery room placed somewhere, probably with the Valet and Hilton Management Team...never to be found!! I used the ironing board one morning and left the iron to cool while we left for the day. I expected it would be put back when housekeeping stopped by, like every hotel does. Not this one! Wasn't even moved one inch. Makes you wonder if they cleaned at all! Are those clean towels or just recycled from those left "unused" by our neighbors? Should my mind wander and imagine how often they really clean the pools!!! Absolutely disgusted with this place and would not recommend or stay here again! #HorribleHiltonExperience
I was really excited when I walked into this location. They had a much larger men's and shoe department than the location by me. I found several items at a great price. I was looking for a specific shirt for my husband and couldn't find an Associate anywhere. I gave up and headed to the register with my purchases. The cashier- a young man was working quickly but the line continued to grow. He called for a cashier back-up twice. A woman- Monica came up about 4 minutes later and took the next person in line. The woman in front of me had 1 shirt she was buying with no tag. Monica walked around and around in the men's department looking for a similar shirt. After about 5 minutes, she returned with a compleletly different shirt and said she was using it because it was all she could find. The price is $4.20, is that ok? The woman said yes. Monica then said, I'll give you 20% off since you had to wait for so long and thanked her for her patience. I thought this is great, I've been waiting just as long so I'll get 20% as well. I was next and Monica rang my stuff up but no discount, and no apology for the wait. I asked about a coupon and she informed me there were no coupons. I said, what about the 20% you just gave that woman. She said, that was for using her Kohl's charge. I was not happy. I looked on my phone because I had received an email earlier with a coupon. The store by me, has scratchers and coupons at the register if you forget yours. Monica offered no help and was quite rude. I paid for my items and as I was leaving found the coupon. I turned around and asked her to take it off and she informed me I would have to go to the Customer Service desk. I went to the back of the store, where I waited in line for about 5 minutes. I got to the register and the woman wouldn't take off for the coupon either. She then called the Manager who never helped me or even looked at me. He talked directly to the Associate, who relayed the information to me as if I wasn't standing there. They all informed me all coupons were for card holders only. Why wasn't I offered to open a charge? My husband has a Kohl's card, but he wasn't with me. If I had opened an account, I could have received 30% off I found out as I was leaving. The Manager told me I could come back tomorrow and use the new coupon coming out. I informed him I would not be returning to this location and his cashier was rude. He simply said, thanks have a good day.
I've been here many times but will boycott this place now because of my last visit. I was here during lunch time with my coworkers. Food was good as usual but service was by far the worst we've EVER been treated! When the 3 of us finished our meal we paid with 2 different credit cards. When the receipt came back to us a gratuity was added. We asked why was gratuity added and they said because they had to spilt up our checks with 2 different credit cards. WTF... We never have this issue anywhere we go! It wasn't worth the time to fight this since we had to get back to work anyway. After the stupid gratuity issue...my coworker had leftovers to bring back, so he grabbed 2 chopsticks to go. One of the waitress saw him grab 2 so she grabbed 1 of the chopstick from his hands and told him that he only needed 1 chopstick! WOW! We were so shocked that we had nothing to say to her. Bye bye Sushi Ken!!! NEVER AGAIN WILL I OR MY COWORKERS BE BACK FOR YOUR RUDE SERVICE!!!!!
Unfortunately my rancor at this visit prevents me from trying to put any humor into this review. In short, my $2.75 ceviche tostada was overwhelmingly saturated with limes and ridiculously soggy. When asked about their best soup, I was told to get their Caldo De Rez, which was a $7 admittedly large bowl filled cabbage, carrots, and literally 4 pieces of tough, thumbnail sized beef. I tried to give the evil eye to the server as I left but he couldn't summon the courage and kept staring at his popcorn machine turned into chip dispenser. Look me in the eye when you lie to me, damn you. Ugh. Hatred. Fury, rage.
Bad Service and Mean management !!! No people skills
I don't know if it is because it's a full moon, or a Monday night or what but tonight it was difficult for me to enjoy my movie because on our right, a couple guys brought their own carrots and on our left, a couple not only brought their own crunchy snacks but also bottled beer...yes bottles of beer! And to top it off, they were smoking off electric cigarettes that each time emitted a blue, LED light and an awful, sickly smoke. REALLY? AMC management really sucks at this location if they are so BLIND and other sensory impaired that they don't see this abuse. And here we are paying all this money not just for tickets but to buy their expensive mediocre food and wine only to be assaulted by this experience. EPIC FAIL AMC.
Have sent 2 packages to a customer in the 85040 area and neither one has been delivered. Postal Service "claims" that they have left notices on signature confirmed package. They have not been left. Now I have an angry customer and a Paypal dispute because the mail carrier is not doing there job! Spoke with two people, Kathy and some other associate. Whom were extremely RUDE! Like I was causing the problem. Leave your personal problems at home. This office needs to have a customer service training update. I will never use this service again. Going to start using UPS! At least you can speak directly to the carrier and find out whats really going on!
Not for me. I love cupcakes- I like heavy sugary delish cupcakes and these were not. If you like lighter- If your a person that eats sweets and says, eww thats just to sugary. Than you will probably love the cupcakes. I tried 2 kinds...vanilla and coconut. Sadly they weren't for me. I still think Gigi's is the best I've had so far. also, I'm tired of seeing tip jars EVERYWHERE! The guy behind the counter boxed up 6 cupcakes- wasn't all that friendly to me ( was to the teenagers girls ahead of me) and he moved on to the next customer before I even signed my receipt......Where would a tip play into that????
Ghetto! You know, I realize we live in Arizona and grass is hard enough to grow in our ridiculously harsh climate, and having dogs trample all over it all day makes it even harder. That being said, I have visited many dog parks with grass. So, can someone explain to my why this dog park is 100% gravel? I'm not even sure it's all gravel, I think there may be some needles and broken glass mixed up in there. The place is all sorts of hilly with nasty scratchy bushes everywhere. Our dog, Rally, did not care for this place at all. After sniffing the perimeter, he came back and laid down next to us. Also not a good place for people, as there is only one bench and very, very minimal shade.
This counts as a dog park? Really?? Its a teeny tiny gravel area with no water and no other dogs. I've tried this dog park about three times (since its closer than Washington Park) and every time we were the only person/dog there - Pogo wanted to sniff some butts, dangit! If you insist on going to this off leash dog gravel area, it is kind of tricky to find (since it is so small and you will not see/hear any other dogs). You need to park in the lot off 7th Street, and its in the northeast corner of the park - kind of behind Central High's football field.
My family used to love eating here, but it's gone way downhill. Our last to-go order just wasn't cooked right and was un-appetizing. Not a huge deal, we'll just call 'em and they'll make it right.. right? The number on the receipt was out of service. After my wife finally got ahold of someone, they said they would have a manager call us back. Never happened, guess we will have to do a chargeback now. After reading this place is family owned, it makes me sad to see a once beautiful place serving delicious food lose all passion.
Welp, a month in Phoenix and nothing changed here. I only called Sunrise again because the first cab company I called didn't answer, and I figured "Oh, what the heck. Sunrise is cheaper and I have to go from Central PHX to freakin' W Union Hills in Glendale, so I might save anyway." Big mistake, cowpoke. Taxi got here promptly, but other than that everything went downhill. The driver seemed confused about the destination, but he had a GPS and entered it into it. Well, first he starts the wrong way (and I clearly hear the GPS say "turn left" and he gets in the right lane nearing a light). So, I say something and he goes "I know it said turn left" as he heads straight. He stops, obviously confused, at the nearest gas station and starts fiddling with the device some more. I ended up just entering the address in my phone's GPS and giving him every little direction there. It was like talking to a child "No...no, THIS exit." I just don't get how a person who is driving a taxi can be so navigationally challenged, even *with* a GPS device. If I take a taxi, I just want to say where I'm going and not have to worry about it. If you want to pay to do half the taxi work and be stressed, call up Sunrise TODAY!
Valley Metro used to offer student passes to my college. This summer they got greedy and failed to make a deal with my school. So if I bought their summer semester pass it would cost $40 more than if I just paid full-fare every day. Taking advantage of full time students who have no income is just as shameful as preying on the elderly on fixed income. SHAME ON VALLEY METRO. Valley Metro used to be a convenient way to read on my way to class in the morning. Then they made the trains shorter with only 2 cars instead of three. Now there are more people paying full fare to ride the train, but they haven't increased capacity, so everyone has to stand all day long. They say they aren't making enough money to run more trains; but more people are paying full fare than there was before (it's a hallow excuse). SHAME ON VALLEY METRO. Valley Metro devised a system to pay for your ride by pre-paid train passes, but if you forget to activate your pass outside the train as you're running to catch the train you could get a $500 ticket. Just to re-cap; even though you've already bought your pass in advance you can still get a $500 ticket! -That's a ridiculous system. They could have allowed us to validate our tickets on the train in case we're running late...but no, it's better to hassle people on the train with their lame security detail (Gestapo); who get their jolleys interrogating average people. SHAME ON VALLEY METRO. The sign says it takes a half hour to go from Tempe to Phoenix on the light rail. That's complete and total hog-wash; no matter what time of day it is. I live 1 mile from the train station, on an average day I expect to spend 1.5 hours each way on my commute. It's a 55-65 minute train-commute into Phoenix from Mill Ave to Indian School. Add on the fact that I usually wait at the platform for about 10 minutes, because even though they are supposed to come every 10 minutes, they never do. Then add, because the intersection is a gauntlet at Indian School (because of the train station is in the middle of Central ave, instead of one side or the other) it takes me another 10 minutes to get from the train to my building across the street. Why? -poor planning. SHAME ON VALLEY METRO. Then there are times where the trains are overloaded, but they don't send 3 car trains to fit all the people. Examples: Central High School lets out the same time every day and 300 kids flood the train. Baseball games downtown, cause a flood of the train. When there's an expo downtown I can't get on the train in the morning, because it's too full, the trains run slower and I'm late for my 8:30am class (when I leave at 7am!). Valley Metro fails to consider it's environment. SHAME ON VALLEY METRO. NO I'm not thankful of having a train that hardly goes anywhere and costs too much. BETTER transit is everywhere (except LA). BART has been in San Francisco for years and is cleaner, nicer and cheaper. You only pay for as far as you ride. So you only pay for what space you actually use. If you go one stop everyday, it's not expensive at all. The Buses in Seattle run clean on electric lines on some streets and are much more efficient than anything we use in AZ. In Sydney, the buses are more efficient because they run the traffic lights so the buses don't have to stop at them. The Valley Metro system is lame and costs too much. SHAME ON VALLEY METRO. It's our own fault for voting for people who pass useless laws and can't balance a budget to save their lives. AZ has been putting mass transit on the back burner for decades. If you want more tax dollars, get the working class to work on time efficiently. SHAME ON THE AZ VOTERS AND VALLEY METRO. ALSO the light rail could prevent people from driving drunk, by operating just a little later. If the trains operated until 3am, all the patrons of Tempe and downtown Phoenix night life could get home safe no worries. Instead we pay (taxpayer $) for expensive DUI checkpoints. It's a simpler solution that's more efficient and will encourage patronage of local businesses. Keep the train on later so it's useful and PREVENTS crime. SHAME ON VALLEY METRO and the silly police departments with reactionary tactics.
Bad choice for a lunch. Went there with family after a graduation and it was not what we were told to expect. Waited 15 minutes to get seated. No one else was waiting. Only 1 person to do it all. After seated it was 20 minutes our order was finally taken. When the foold finally arrived we were instantly disappointed. We ordered pork sliders. It was tough and covered in lots of BBQ sauce. All 3 sliders were leather tough. The side order of slaw was so heavy in mayo you could not taste the anything. The Rubin was just a basic sandwich and nothing to brag ab out. All in all it ws a very expensive $50.00 lunch that was not so worth it. Should have went across the street to McDonalds it would have cost less, been better service and tasted much better.
Had a wash and cut done, and she did wash my hair good, but when it came down to the haircut she was in such a hurry, she just a quick job and was done. There were still other clients getting there hair cut, and they were called before me. Didn't catch the hairstylist name, she was outside smoking when I arrived, so when she came in she had a bad body odor of smoke. As soon as she was done with my cut, she was out the door again smoking. How Rude!! Will never again get my haircut here again!!
I'm very displeased with the service I receive from the Republican party in Arizona. First, they provide us with John McCain. Then, Jan Brewer. Then they crap SB 1070 all over us, which we didn't even vote on. I've never received anything but lousy politics from these people.
I'm a regular customer of Fair Trade and I usually have nothing but good to say about it. Just ten minutes ago, though, I stood at te counter for about five minutes watching one employee talk on her phone. When the second employee came out from the kitchen she returned to a plate of food. I have no idea what impression they think that produces in customers, but I left without being served and I wonder if I should ever return. I have no interest in patronizing a coffee shop that doesn't have a sense of customer service. I will think very hard about going back, which is too bad considering the many days I've spent there.
I have tried this place a couple of times because it is conveniently located but I wont be going back. The first time I went there were 4 people in line ahead of me and it took 15 minutes to get my coffee. The second time I went I ordered a vanilla latte but they forgot to add the flavor shot. The coffee was not good enough to make up for the bad service.
Poor service at this location- we reserved a full size but they didn't have one. Luckily for them, someone had altered our res to a midsize, which they had. We had our confirmation but were told we could have changed our res after printing; essentially calling us liars. I almost got into it with two employees who acted like they were doing us a favor by giving us a car our baby seat could barely fit into. Wow, that was a terrible experience.
Insist on a lower rate!! Hertz in general charges high rates compared to other car rentals. However, their service doesn't seem to tie with the higher rates. I called for a billing question and they had me on hold for OVER 20 min!! The offices are often dirty and old, and the cars are also not always kept up. I got a rental recently until my personal car was repaired, and they rental I received had not been washed in or outside. I'll be looking for other firms offering rates that correspond to the service!!
I would like to give zero stars right now. I am pissed. I have used SuperShuttle numerous times over the years. They have always done their job at a competitive price. On September 1st I talked to the driver from SuperShuttle who picked up my fiance to go to the airport for his trip to France and asked if they would pick me up on the 12th with the 2 dogs in their crates, and if there would be additional fees. I was told no, that it was no problem. Now I am being told that it would be $70! Deceptive!! And HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE ON THE PHONE. So RUDE and not very understanding. I will not use them again, and I will make sure no one in our company does either.
Easy to schedule online. Received confirmation online as well as a confirmation the day before my pick-up date. Driver did text me 5 minutes before my arrival pick-up and was friendly. The worst part was the driver wasn't familiar with the route to pick-up the third passenger, he decided to take 19th Ave from Bell rd strait down to Thomas Rd. I had mentioned their was construction going on from the light rail, and if anybody who drives in Arizona would know this. He then proceeded to drive into the light rail construction, discussing the politics and the process of the light rail with another passenger. He and the other passenger were just reminiscing about how it would benefit the state, comparing it to other cities as well. The driver clearly was not paying attention to drove straight down 19th ave for several miles, until he had had enough and took a detour. The driver then started to continue to discuss politics on the immigration status in Arizona with the another passenger, very unprofessional to myself, due to the fact that I am Hispanic and the other passengers as well. Due to the scenic route the driver decided to take, I missed my flight and was on standby for six hours, and the other passengers barely made it to the airport, within half an hour of their flight. Still waiting for my refund!!
The last time I actually seriously raised my voice in anger at another live human being was at some stupid twit at Cox. I despise this company, their brain-dead staff, their total lack of customer service, and their completely inane policy of constantly stalker-calling their CURRENT customers for telemarketing. Hate. Pure, unrequited HATE.
Ohh don't get me started on Cox. First when you have ANY problem at all, getting a live human being on the phone takes up to 15 minutes as you weave your way through "press one for... ok now press ..". Then the most they can do if your cable isn't working is tell you to unplug the box and plug it back in. Technical genius! Then they schedule you a cocky, know-it-all but still somehow totally unhelpful technician to come out like four or eight days later. We've been through seven boxes since we moved six months ago because the dvr freezes and doesn't record properly ... on a regular basis. I just think for the RIDICULOUS amount they charge me, the fact that we MUST have cable just to get any kind of regular programming, and the amount of problems their service has on a regular basis ... it should be a HELL OF A LOT EASIER TO GET ISSUES RESOLVED OR EVEN JUST TO TALK TO A LIVE PERSON.
In 2007 I moved out of Pensacola on orders from the Navy. All my bills with COX were set up to be paid automatically from my account but just to make sure, when I turned in my equipment I asked the clerk at the desk to confirm that everything was paid in full. She confirmed that I had no balance and I moved to my next duty station. Now 5 years later, I'm trying to buy a house and suddenly COX sends a claim to a collections agency that I owed about $58;. The agency reports it to the credit bureaus and overnight, my credit score drops 100 points?. I call COX to try to resolve the false claim and they insist the only solution is that I have to pay them this money. For $50 I would gladly avoid the whole situation and pay money I don't owe but to pay at this point is useless, the "late" payment remains on my report screwing up my credit for years to come. If that isn't bad enough, at no point did they try to contact me,. I'm pretty sure they had my email on file and I know they had my phone number (I've never changed my cell phone number). So I had no idea this false charge even existed until February 2012 when all the sudden it lands on my credit report.
Expensive cable and internet service. Very bad customer service. Frequent service outages. Cox cable guys always came and opened cable boxes outside and kept messing up service. Internet is very slow, cable service sucks!!! Well known hidden charges, trying to rip off customers. People have no choice but go with the cable service monopoly. Very unreliable service.
CONSUMER BEWARE IS RIGHT!!! I called to set up basic cable & internet service. I was given a bundle price of which I agreed to and was a fair price. I then upgraded my cable and got a couple of new boxes. I was told at that time of my new monthly fee which was stretching my budget but I wanted the extra channels. a few weeks later I check my bill and it had gone up $40!!!! Apparently my original internet pricing was a promotional pricing and was never told. So now Cox thinks they can just increase my bill and not tell me!!!! Not even a letter or an e-mail of the new adjustment. It took me 3 reps to get to a supervisor. I guess now I have to downgrade my nternet and my cable... Just be careful of Cox!
Cox has super lousy customer service. From the phone reps to the techs to the supervisors. My appointment today (which was a bogus problem on their end, not mine) was for a 3 -5 pm window. So I worked to fit this time into my schedule and bargained with coworkers to get out of work early. 5:45 comes and nobody shows...So I call Cox. It is now 6:45 and I am still waiting for somebody to take me off hold. Meanwhile I am "live-chatting" with a rep named Maritza R. who cannot tell me if the tech will be arriving and tells me that if they aren't there in the window they wont come. I told her that her customer service is lousy and I would like a manager. She promptly ends the chat. So I start a new chat. I get a fellow named Federico and immediately ask for a manager without disclosing any of the previous information. Funny thing is that after a 5 minute wait "Supervisor Charlie" answers and knows all the details of my chat with Maritza. It is now 7pm. Supervisor Charlie is providing his guarantee that the tech is coming tonight and he has emailed dispatch. So that is where I am now. Putting off my dinner plans in order to accommodate this lengthy window. Not sure if the tech will show...but lets face it. Anybody who has dealt with Cox Customer Service knows that the tech will absolutely not be at my place tonight. Nope I will need to take another day off so that I can have them come out and fix their problem with my internet. Oh and did I mention I take online classes and work from home at night? So no internet = no bueno. Thanks Cox.
They are the worst! I wish I could find another service provider! A Monopoly they have and it is not right! If you find anyone other than COX, please do. Can't wait to find another service provider. Anything would be better than Cox! They got the accounts crossed between a California Account I have and a Arizona account. They are the worst!
Honestly, one of the worst companies I have ever done business with. If you have any other option available to you, GO WITH IT! I signed up for a promotional deal tv/cable/phone that was 99.99 for 6 months. I was even quoted 109.72 after taxes and fees. My first bill I expected activation fees so I wasn't surprised by that, however, not ONCE did I receive a bill that was less than 135.00. Their reps are incompetent when you call with a problem, you're consistently told one thing while the exact opposite occurs. They are CRAZY expensive for what you get, I had gone from being a DIRECTV customer with 100's of channels in high definition for 34.99/month. My Cox bill for TV was double that monthly for less than half of the channels offered by DIRECTV. When I was a Qwest/Century Link customer I couldn't wait to get Cox high speed internet back. Boy was I wrong, I would constantly have dropped connections, DNS errors and more. They also advertise speeds "up to 25 megabytes per second and I consistently would check out around 12-14mbps on speedtest.net. Now I understand I'm not always going to pull a 25Mbps connection all the time, but it's hard to stomach paying a 59.99/month bill for speeds i NEVER achieved. Seriously, avoid this company like the plague if you can. We went back to DIRECTV after moving into a house and I will NEVER do business with this company again if I can help it. People let the contract of DIRECTV scare them away and I say this, don't let it, my previous time with DIRECTV my bill was the same dollar amount every month without fail unless I ordered a PPV fight and every month with Cox it was a surprise as to what I would be billed even though my services never changed!
Where did their customer service go? I have had Cox services for over 18 years and always was impressed with their customer service. I referred friends and family to Cox but not any more. I was talked into subscribing to their Computer Technical service after my computer got a virus. I was told they would be able to clean the virus off and was transferred to technical support. He told me he could not do it and I asked him to cancel my technical support that I would be charged $99 plus $9/mo. He said he couldn't. I called the next day to cancel and they said they would not. What a rip off! What a way to treat a loyal customer. Not impressed amd will not refer anybody to use their service.
You should kick yourself in the balls rather than give these assholes any of your money. This is what happens when you allow government sanctioned monopolies. Shitty service, no competition and outrageous prices. I would rather do without TV and Internet. Thanks!
Just horrible it taken them a month to transfer my internet over. One guy I talked to was crying about him not wanting to lose his job and that he needs his job. They also don't return their phone calls. I'm glad I payed them $60 for no internet.
It is ironic that Cox has "Communications" as part of its business name for they truly fail in communicating with customers. An error by Cox on my bill has resulted in a nightmare. When I called to have it corrected, spoke with 6 different people, all saying the same" I understand your rustration but I cannot help." They have a monopoly and that leaves people with few options...Still waiting for a response...
Dead Cox, It me one of the many people you have screwed over, cheated, and just pissed off. After waiting a month for you to transfer my internet over to my new place and the appointments I've made to have it set magically never made it to your system. I stayed with you because I thought the worst was over. Well congrats you proved me wrong. I started my business with you paying $27 and a year later $73 just for internet. The last 2 times I had to call in because I can't get in to my account online anymore. I received my bill dated for 2-23-14 on 3-14-14. On that bill it said I missed a payment. Check my bank account money was taking out of my account. Next day my internet was shut off. Called in I was told to send in my bank statement. I asked to talk to the manager. Manager said it the only way to prove it. I advise him the proof on my account I called in to make the payment. He told me no one pulled up my account since January. So someone took my credit card number, money was taking out and you want my bank statement with my account number. Right I was born yesterday.
This is hands down the worst company I have ever delt with. I have called four locations around Phoenix and nobody has answered the phone. When you do get someone they are rude and dumber than a box of rocks. It would be less frustrating if they put a deaf dog on the other end of the line. Our bill started at $45 and is now $110! We only have HBO with basic cable and NO internet. I would of switched to dish or direct TV but my apartment doesn't face the right way. I could start a cable company out of a card board box and provide a better service to customers. STAY AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY!
My 10th call to Cox communications in 14 months for them to tell me that I am right about there being an issue with my internet speeds again. Every time they come out I get 50-60 mbps for about 3 weeks which is what I pay for, then it's back down to 5-10 mbps. Today I only had to wait on hold for 52 min before I had to hang up because of another emergency call, then call back and wait for 41 min to have a the rep hang up on me mid sentence on accident, then call back and wait for 39 min to have the rep tell me she is sorry about the loud crackling noise on the phone everytime one of us talks...her headset has been broken for 3 weeks and Cox won't give her a new one. That's 2.2 hours to schedule a technician to come out. I've been a customer for over 4 years but thinking about sacrificing for 40 mbps with CenturyLink just to avoid this headache of a company and product.
Been to a lot of nail spas. I would say this one is one of the worst. To start they do not use plastic liners on their soaking tubs. Second although they do a decent job on your standard pedi. Im just not too impressed. They lacked the quality work of an experienced manicurist. We like getting our ingrowns removed and if your not skillful you can be in a world of hurt. The chairs are dated and I dont understand why the nice 42" flat panel tv is on the back of the customers. They have a nice 12" tube tv for the customers. But my advice if you like quality work this may not be the place for you. If you like cheap you get what you pay for. I wont even bother coming back.
If that's what a cheesesteak is supposed to taste like in Philly then I don't ever want to go to Philly! This is one of the very few times that Yelp has led me astray. I only had this place bookmarked to try because it was a 4 star review. That cheesesteak was not good. Too salty, tasted like it was cooked in a sauce that should've been used for an asada burrito. With tax it came out to $7.58. What a waste! This place is a good example of one and done!
I had to walk out the moment I walked in. Sadly the customer service lead me to not even offer my business. A woman who I am assuming was an owner or manager was extremely rude. The shop was slow with only three clients. Without even greeting me me or a simple "hello." I was asked what I wanted? I asked for a polish change and how long of a wait. She said pick a color. When I mentioned I had a color with me. She rolled her eyes and said "8.00" I asked her if there would be a wait and she mentioned few mins just sit down. Then proceeded to speak in another language under her breathe to the other employees who started staring. I decided to leave because I don't treat people like this why should I even give my business to a place that runs theirs very snooty. The establishment was clean and very cute inside just the way that it operates is not professional.
Lost my tire center cap, broke my radiator hose. Nice work otherwise.
This place is AWFUL! NEVER take your car to Big O Tires. I took my car in at the recommendation of a friend to have my tires replaced after getting hot tar on them (Darn Arizona summers!). They convinced me to buy all 4 new tires. I leave and have to return TWO more times to get the car properly balanced. The 3rd time I was there, they told me that they only had 1 guy who could properly balance my car and he wasn't in that day and to come back tomorrow. I brought my car in the next day to get the car balanced AGAIN and get an oil change. They told me they didn't have time to do the oil change and I'd have to come back AGAIN to get it done. It also took over an hour and a half before they even looked at my car despite making an appointment. They were quite rude both days... as if it was my fault the car wasn't balanced right. They finally got it right the third time and I have never been back. I would not suggest ANYONE take their car here EVER!
My family has been going to this Rays Pizza on and off for 10 years and have noticed that the last time the wings were small and was hoping it was a fluke. Tonight we had great anticipation of a some good pizza and wings, only to get home to find out the pizza was cold and soggy and the wings looked like they came from day old chicks because they were so small. I decided it was time to call the manager and ask what he thought about the small wings and soggy pizza. Instead of stepping up and being honest, his statement was "I have never had a complaint about our food". Really.. Just remember Mr. Manager the first part of fixing a problem is admitting you have one. Denial has put many businesses out of business and you sure were not busy for a Friday night. Good luck, we will not be back.
What ever happen to customer service? It seems that this term and banking (at least with Chase) are not allowed to exist within their walls I had a deposit eaten by the ATM on Sunday march 4 and today Tuesday the Acting manager and CSR told me they only count the machine once a week on Thursdays. Kinda makes you scratch your head and go hummmm What else can I say?
My mom snowbirds here for 6 months, in the spring/summer she utilized Allstate Storage. Well she just opened the unit yesterday, and everything was absolutely covered with dust and dirt. Now, I know we live in the desert, but she has used other storage places and have never had the dirt like she had in this one! As the movers came in this morning to transport her things, she went through the gate, then the moving truck went through. The bar came down and broke over the moving truck. The man in the office was a complete jerk and charged the moving company to repair the bar. He stated there were signs that stated the bar will only allow for 1 car, even though he knew and saw the moving truck behind my mother's car. As they all left, the guy was about to AGAIN drop the bar onto the truck, but then he reluctantly game out manually opened the gate. This place needs some serious improvement!
I am shocked by the lack of customer service, and dismayed by the indifference to customer satisfaction. The conduct and policies of the Ahwatukee Kid To Kid management are shameful. The good - I purchased a large quantity of items during the Memorial Day sale. I hauled my arm-load of items to the counter and paid for them. My bad - When I delivered this giant bag of goodies to my grandchildren, my daughter exclaimed, "we don't own a VHS player". I looked at her perplexed and then realized the Baby Einstein Series was VHS. It never occurred to me to verify the format, and that Kid To Kid would sell something as antiquated as VHS! I don't know anyone who owns a VHS player. The packaging was not obvious either. And the unfortunate ugly - in my attempt to exchange the VHS set for DVDs, I was told that particular sale item (nothing else I bought) was final and I could not return it. And didn't the salesperson tell me so when I purchased it? To which I replied, she had not. I reminded the sales teenager that I would be satisfied with an exchange, not a return. Presumably she consulted with her manager who remained hiding in the back of the store. She then returned and pointed to a tiny, barely legible sticker on the bottom of the unopened package and said "final sale", And then she said no returns or exchanges. I will do business elsewhere.
This place has insurance fraud written all over it! Did you know, that this URGENT CARE - as stated on every single sign on and around the facility - is really a HOSPITAL?? Yes, really!! And, when do you find this out?? When you receive a bill for over $500 from your insurance company! I can't believe this place has the nerve to place DIGNITY anywhere near their name...even more appalling is the fact that the state allows this place to continue to fleece patients as an ER! We were new to the area and my husband had developed an ear infection. This place was around the corner from our apartment and stated URGENT CARE - which our PPO covers all but $50. So, he spent two hours waiting for some doctor to look in his ear for two minutes, declare he had an ear infection, write him a script for a Z-pack and sent him on his way. A few weeks later, we get a bill from these crooks for over $320!! This is AFTER our insurance paid them nearly $200! We called our insurance - who also agreed that the costs were outrageous - and was informed that this place considers themselves an ER and billed the visit as such! If you drive past the place, all you see are three different signs declaring it an URGENT CARE. No one bother's to inform you it's a "hospital." How they continue to get away with this is baffling! For me, they can pay a collections company to come after me - I have never skipped out on any bills in my life, but hell will freeze over before they get one thin dime from me for this bullsh*t!
We have always gotten good food and great service at Rubio's. This time when we visited, we were not greeted when we came into the restaurant and there wasn't anyone else there. We ordered the shrimp tacos and a balsamic vinaigrette chicken salad. We asked about ingredients in the Churro due to a dairy food allergy and the girl said, "It's like a donut, no dairy". Well, luckily I only had a few bites of it. Later that night, I looked it up on the website as I started having doubts she was very confident about the ingredients and I was having an allergic reaction. It looks like there IS milk in the Churro. For $18 for a meal, I can think of numerous other restaurants I would rather visit. The food quality and the service was not what I have experienced in the past. Nor was it worth $18 for a lunch.
The worst Jack in the Box I have EVER BEEN TO!!! They constantly get your order wrong, the food is literally dropping with grease so badly that the bag is completely soaked!! STAY AWAY FROM THIS ONE!!!!
We ate here once and the food was good, but expensive. We got takeout for a special occasion last weekend, and the food was tasteless. We were all disappointed in the entrees we ordered. The Shanghai Noodles, my friend's favorite, were very dry with no sauce, and definitely no spices added.The Kung Pow Chicken and Mandarin Beef literally had no taste and not even soy sauce or salt and pepper would bring them up to par. We all enjoy spicy food and we found only two chiles between the two dishes, that were definitely not hot the way we like or have had at other Chinese restaurants. The only dish that resembled what we expected were the Walnut Prawns. This place is more expensive than any other Chinese takeout we have used over the years, and not worth the extra money--so you don't always get what you pay for. Our bill at Nee House was $54 [and we even tipped $6 bucks] compared to a recent similar order from Bamboo China, which was $34 and excellent! Last time we will order from here.
Called this location to reschedule an appointment, after approximately 10 rings, someone pick up on their end then hung up. I called back again, after approximately 5 rings a young lady named Meagan answered with an annoyed "Ulta, can I help you?". I attempted to explain the reason for my call, and I was answered with another annoyed, "What? I can't hear you." By that time I was annoyed, so I just hung up. Customer service is not this location's strong suit. The employers need to school their employees on phone manners. If you want customers to keep coming back, professionalism is highly recommended regardless of how your day is going. Needless to say I will be canceling my appointment (in person) instead of rescheduling and shop a different location from now on. Regards, Former loyal customer
If you are looking for a store to waste a whole lot of time in, this is it. This has to be the worst Home Depot store I have ever been in. The service is awful. The so called experts have to directed me to the wrong aisle on many occasions. They used to walk with you and at least show you were a product is. Now they tell you what aisle something is in but sometimes they don't really know. Last weekend I was in there looking for something and It took 10 minutes to even find someone to help me. It's like they scatter when they see a customer. There was not one person in hardware and I could not find a single person in lumbar. Another customer asked me if he is supposed to cut his own wood. I finally found a customer service rep and he directed me to the wrong row. I found him again and he once again gave a place to go to find a product. He just stood there not doing anything. Eventually, I dumped the few things I had and left. What a mockery of customer service. Ace is the place to go.
What can I say other than I had a far from satisfactory experience at this particular Black Angus Steak House. Now I am not speaking for other branches of this establishment because In the past I have been to some pretty good ones as far as chain steak houses go. Let me preface this entire review by saying that this particular Black Angus was not in any way crowded on this Thursday Evening. Me and my family arrived at around 8:30pm as a party of 4 and were one table of maybe 15 in the entire establishment. Before we could even sit down a waitress dropped a tray of about 6 waters all over the floor right in front of our booth and instead of cleaning any of it up... simply decided to just walk away and leave the mess because hey.... ice just melts anyways right. We ordered drinks and appetizers which I will say came out in a timely manner. Then we ordered our meal at around 8:45 and we didn't receive our meals until 10:00pm in the 1/8 full dining room on a slow thursday night. To further insult the evening the steak I had ordered came with a bleu cheese and bacon topping on it and I opted to not have the bleu cheese and keep only the bacon. So after waiting nearly an hour and a half for my meal, guess what my entire steak with smothered in... yes bleu cheese. Not to mention the fries and mashed potatoes I ordered as my side came and were so old looking and heat lamp cooked that I did not dare touch them. The service was worse than horrible and for absolutely no reason what so ever because it was not at all crowded or busy that night. I was in town for business and my family just so happens to live in Phoenix so I thought it would be nice to have a nice dinner with them one night... and that did not happen. I and no one else in my family will return. Also a helpful tip for anyone reading this review. There are 3 count them three establishments in a row before you ever get to black angus that serve steak. Texas Road House, a sports bar and grill, and my favorite steak house chain Long Horn SteakHouse. Do yourself and your dining guests a favor and choose from one of those establishments, so you don't end up wasting time and money at this black angus.
Unfortunately this location is close to my house and the worst location for a pharmacy. The wait time is too long for dropping off. They hardly ever have what I need. I haven't been back in 8 years. I will gladly drive out of my way to 70 th and Shea to get my scripts which are always prompt at that location.
Wonder how many hours of my life I have wasted waiting for shitty customer service from Walgreens pharmacists? Weird. Why do I keep returning? Don't know. Will go anywhere else but here from now on
My friend and I regularly get pedicures as our Sunday "girl day." I had been here once before and I did like the paraffin wax they offer. I had seen their mobile sign for a $17 spa pedicure which is normally $25 so we decided to go there. It was a good pedicure...until the end when the girl pretended she didn't understand English (although she had talked to us throughout just fine) when we questioned why it was not $17 instead if $25. She said that was for the "basic pedicure." We said okay, tipped her $5 and then looked at the sign (which had been tipped sideways on the curb by then). The sign read exactly "spa pedicure $17" and that is exactly what we asked for (and reads as #1 on their menu....can it get any more basic?) We were sorely disappointed and felt like we had been lied to...not to mention both of my flower stones fell off the next day and it chipped. Mine usually lasts at least 3 weeks! Will not be returning. All for $8.
Went in there to check it out being a nacho connoisseur. I was severely disappointed. For the price paid the good delivered, it was awful. You can drive a little down the road, not much to Pepe Taco Villa or the Sun Up and get way better chicken nacho's. And Sun Up has 5 dollar happy hour all day on Sunday for their drinks and food.
Usually when you go to a butcher -- the meat is fabulous. Not for us. We bought some ribs and was given a prepackaged grocery store run of the mill, low quality grade ribs. I know for sure because I realized I had the same brand from the 2 for 1 sale at Albertson's. Over spent and the pork was chewy and very low quality. Also, they need better ventilation in their store. As you walk in the door the whole place smells like rotting meat. Guys, please go to an HVAC dealer and get your duct work or A/C fixed. Stinks to high heaven and so NOT appetizing.
Nothing but a mess with this airline. Flights being cancelled for nothing. Bags being lost. Customer service reps have no clue how to do their jobs. Baggage claim has no clue how to do their jobs. How do you not track a bag? How can you not track a bag. Screw the free check bag. I would rather pay the fee and pay more for flights that would make it to my destination with my bag. Never will I fly with southwest. I wish I could give 0 stars.
It has actually been a year and a half since I went to Bright Now Dental for a wisdom tooth extraction but every time I think about it I get angry and I'm finally remembering to write a review. I was having an issue with one of my wisdom teeth - it felt like the tooth was poking through the side of my gums and scraping the inside of my mouth. This is not a pleasant feeling so I called my insurance company and they said Bright Now Dental was covered and they're a half mile from my house. Perfect, right? In hindsight I'm kicking myself for not driving elsewhere. So I call Bright Now Dental and a very nice woman on the phone makes an appointment for me - it was either the same day or the next day, can't remember now. So I go in, get my x-rays and they tell me sure enough, the tooth is poking thru the side and it's also got an infection or something. I was leaving for a vacation to Disney World in 3 or 4 days and their oral surgeon is apparently only in the office once a month (seriously??). So the dentist gave me some antibiotics and some mouthwash and told me this would take care of the pain for now and she scheduled me for I think 2 weeks out with the oral surgeon since that was the next time he would be in the office. In the middle of my vacation I get a voicemail from Bright Now telling me they had to cancel my appointment because the oral surgeon can't make it in that day. Seriously, the dude is there one day a month and he can't make it?? What the heck? Well, since I was on vacation and the drugs and mouthwash had alleviated the pain for the time being I didn't think much of it. A few weeks down the road however, the pain was back. So I call them back. Well, as luck would have it, the oral surgeon is due in the office next week and he just happens to have an appointment available! Lucky me! I went in for my appointment and everything actually went amazingly smoothly. They told me the only part my insurance doesn't cover is $154. So I paid that, the dude yanked that tooth out of there in less than 10 seconds, they shoved some gauze in my mouth and sent me off into a state of vicodin-induced haziness. All is good right? Wrong. 6 months later I receive a bill in the mail from Bright Now dental telling me I owe them a bunch of money for my wisdom tooth removal. Thinking this must be a mistake since hi, it's been 6 months since I've been there and your freaking billing person told me exactly what I owed after talking to my insurance company, I call them. Nope, sorry, your insurance didn't pay. Okay... So I call my insurance company. They say "oh, you're completely covered, they just won't bill on the right form." Seriously? So I call the dentist office back and explain this to them. "Oh, we don't bill on that form, we only bill on this form." "Well, do you want to get paid or not?" They flat out refuse to bill on the form the insurance company needs and tell me I'm on my own. So I find and print the form, fill it out for them, drive to their stupid office to get a copy of the damn bill with the codes on it and mail it in. Well, they failed to put most of their info on it. So my insurance company sends me back to them to get 4 more pieces of information that Bright Now absolutely knew needed to be on this form and didn't bother to provide it. In the meantime the jerks try to send me to collections. They send me nasty letters in the mail about every two weeks. Every time I call and they deny sending anything. Seriously? I have the freaking letter in my hand! So finally I call their collections guy and this is the final straw that really pissed me off. As if the staff in their office here weren't rude and unhelpful enough... this collections guy is the world's biggest a$$. His name was Michael and he was the rudest person I have ever had to deal with on the phone. Finally to get rid of them and their harrassing I paid them the money and got reimbursed from my insurance company. Bottom line, DO NOT EVER go here to get anything done. Their front desk and billing staff are horrible. The x-ray tech was really nice. The oral surgeon was very efficient and the 2 ladies assisting him were also very nice but none of that makes up for the ordeal I had to go through with them. They need to outsource their billing to a company who can handle filling out more than one form. HORRIBLE SERVICE!
Too many scurvy-looking characters hanging around outside this store as well as inside it. The staff of this store are really friendly, but I know they got the vibe I was scared being in their store. I usually love Circle K stores, but this one I'll pass on. I got the creeps from this store and will not return.
I'm putting this right on the table: I don't find anything appealing about mexican food, I don't like the way it looks, smells or tastes. I don't like tacos, burritos, shredded meat, sour cream (unless it's on pancakes or waffles), salsa, or avacados. (I went to Arriba's one time and had a garden salad.) EVERYONE where I work swears by this place so I went there once, and only once. A long time ago I read an article that said the quality of the food at a restaurant is comparable to the cleanliness and condition of the restrooms. If this is true, and it seems like there's a logical correlation there, the food must be downright awful. The bathroom floor was filthy, there was no lock on the door of the stall I was in. No toilet paper in the stall. No hot water coming out of the faucet, only cold. I vaguely remember the bathroom door not closing properly. I'll never go here again and certainly never eat anything from this place. How this place passes inspection is beyond me.
Let me start by saying this is not a one-off review. I have been going to this place for years and it was very good. (Not the best, but good). This morning my wife and I took a trip over for my fav menu item. Machaca breakfast burrito with potato. I've had this many times in the past but OMG! I could not even finish it. It tasted like old used fryer grease and did not even have an egg in it. How do you call it breakfast without an egg? Just mushy mashed potatoes with a tiny bit of hamburger in it. (Yes burger. Not even real roast beef) Worse yet the portion size had reduced to 1/3its normal size (barely 3 bites of filling) and was still wrapped in the usual giant tortilla. Anyone that has been here before knows how good those are. Er... Used to be. The tortilla had the same used grease taste as the rest. My wife had the chicken taco and even it had suffered major changes and used grease taste. (How do you mess up a taco?) I am so sad and will be reluctant to return anytime soon Beware, this place may be on the way out.
The sauce for the enchiladas was raw chile powder and the tortillas tough and tasteless. A smearing of beans on the tortillas was hidden by almost a head of lettuce. I was very disappointed
If you are reading this and thinking of staying here... RUN!!! This place is beyond discusting! From the dirty, cigarette butts everywhere entrance to the stains on the bed spread this place is bad. We decided to hang in there and complete our stay ( of a week ) because of it's location to the hospital. This morning when I went to get in the shower, which had to be scrubbed with bleach because of the black mold, I was startled by a cock roach BIG AS A BUICK!!!!! Great location and low price but it's not worth it!!
Horrible Choice to make when it comes to speed, efficiency, and communication, which is what you need to serve important papers to someone. They told me my family law papers would be served the next day so I paid and got no phone calls at the end of the day as promised, the BITCH on the phone called me a liar and copped a lot of attitude over the phone. 3 DAYS LATER THEY STILL DON'T EVEN KNOW HOW MANY ATTEMPTS HAVE BEEN MADE!!!!!!! You will feel like a sucker if you go with these ASSHOLES. Please, do yourself a favor and search for a REAL process serving company WITH better rates. NO $20 SERVING! BS! BS! BS! BS! BS! BS! BS! BS! BS! BS! BS! BS! BS!
Went last night as I'd heard good things. Was very disapointed. My Pork chop was dry and generally average and my friend had a flatbread which was so dry he could barely finish it. My friends beer come out warm and my $8 glass of wine was a meagre 4oz, not 6oz. When we complained the waitress said that it 'looked that way because of the glass'. I know how full a glass should be. To add insult to injury its pricey. Definitely will not go here again.
Just had the worst gel manicure ever and the experience was awful. I had to sit and watch as one techinician practically assaulted a customer only to be yelled at and basically pushed out the door by the owner for complaining. All the while the owner was yelling in Vietnamese. My own gel nails are so horrible that I am tempted to have them done over tomorrow somewhere else. Some of the technicians are good in there, I have been in there before but after today I will go elsewhere.
Discusting! They don't use gloves, the pizza is a far cry from New York & I was overcharged for their combo special. I tried to address the issue and it confused the cashier (who also made my salad...without washing hands). thumbs down.
Absolutely terrible. Having been to the location in Milpitas CA and Jillians in Charlotte, NC. i had high hopes. Its nice to be able to act like an overgrown child without having to contend with kids running around everything. (Both of the other places didn't let underage kids in after 5pm.) Yet I come here, and its like I was walking into a Chuck E Cheese with beer. Kids running around all over the place, playing on all the stuff I wanted to play. Finally get to play whatever, and some parent is standing over your shoulder because their kid wants in. I don't hate kids or anything, but damn. The food and drinks absolutely cannot make up for how much the place sucks. Their game selection is also wanting, but I've said enough.
A group of 8 of us walked into Dave and Busters tonight for dinner and a little game play. I was happy to see that the dining room wasn't crowded with only one couple at a booth. We were greeted by an employee and in a less than charming voice she said, "it's open seating." We proceeded to enter the dining room and there was no visible seating for groups larger than 4, so we started to move and pull tables together while the staff did nothing to help. After all, they must have been very busy with that one table full of two people! The waitress came around and took our drink orders. I was thrilled to have learned that happy hour was until 7:30. I ordered a half priced very berry mojito. The drinks came, I didn't quite care for my drink, it was very very sweet. Almost like drinking koolaid. I was still in the drinking mood and was up for trying another half priced drink before happy hour was over, but our drink glasses sat empty for a long time with no waitress in sight. Our waitress finally returns from the abyss, asks two people at our table if they would like refills, and ignores the remaining 6 people. Really?! I was thinking this surely must be one of those 'What Would You Do?" shows, but unfortunately it wasn't and the lack luster service went on throughout the meal. Speaking of our meal. We waited for what seemed to be an eternity for our food to arrive and when it did only half of us received our meals. The waitress got lost once again in the abyss during this time and drink glasses remained empty. Too bad because there would have been a lot more alcohol consumption. I tried to be gracious and wait till my buddies got their food, but I was starving by this point and dug in. I got the jack daniels chicken/power card combo. I asked to have the green beans, but was informed that they no longer served the green beans. Last time I visited, I had the green beans and they were well seasoned with just the right amount of crunch, tonight I was served a few different pitiful looking pieces of broccoli and carrots. The chicken was two paper thin pieces. I'm not exaggerating, paper thin! The mash potatoes were like wall paper paste! And they messed up two of the steak orders at the table. They were served very well done when the order was for medium rare. Also, I overheard my friend comment that his steak tasted like saw dust. There were various mistakes with the other orders as well...wrong sides, etc. After the meal, we went to play the games. The games were fun and I thought of it as Dave and Buster's very clever way to have me forget about the gawd awful service and food I just endured. But all in all it wasn't fun enough to make me forget to post on yelp and warn my fellow yelpers! Eat somewhere else and visit here to play the games after! You have been warned!
Camelback Toyota doesn't have this big, beautiful, new facility on 16th Street, for nothing. I know I put more than my share of my hard earned money into that building. The last time I left tracks in this garage was after I was up-sold a ton of work that my SUV did not need at the time, to the tune of some nearly $2,000 - when I had gone in for a regular oil change. The car repair sales associate, Damion, seemed surprised when I requested the replaced parts after they finished all the work he "recommended" (scare tactic is more accurate). One freshly replaced part "...couldn't be found." (Interesting, in light of the fact that they had just finished it.) The rest of the parts didn't seem to show enough wear to warrant replacement, in my opinion. So, I took them around for a couple of other neutral opinions. Even un-prefaced by explanation, those opinions all concurred with mine. I challenged the need for the work performed with Damion, at Camelback Toyota. And although I didn't press charges in court (but did consider it, just didn't have any extra time to deal with it at the time) - this formerly, quite loyal, customer will surely never return to this "establishment" and now they have a really sour review too. However, I have found solace in my car repair needs at 3A Auto Service in Sunnyslope. At this well established, family owned business, I am not treated as "fresh meat" because I am a woman embarking on an oil change sans a male figure for protection. To date, they have been honest about the work they have done and have been like a "husband" in that they provide a heads up as to what to expect for repairs or maintenance in the next few months. This could be a grand, auto, love affair! Rather than an auto affair that cost me grands!! I give 3A Auto Service a 5 star rating - girls, you gotta go there!
In the fall of last year my wife, visiting from Flagstaff, took her 05 prius in for a regular maintenence checkup. She was told that there was something drastic that needed repair to her car and it was expensive and it needed doing soon. She wisely declined the job. She returned to Flagstaff and took it immediately to the Toyota dealership in Flag and was told that there wasn't anything wrong with the car. Then last month, I took my 07 prius in for a tune up and was told that there was some 600.00 dollars worth of repair that needed doing. Mainly with oil systems. Having learned from my wife, I delcined the work and took it to Flagstaff and found that one of the jobs was not necessary and the other job should have been included with the tuneup that Camelback T was supposed to do. They charged over $200. for the simple tuneup and then didn't do all the work. When you look at the facility, you'll see it's modern and expensive looking. Perhaps from bilking unsuspecting customers with sleasy practices. Toyota on Camelback won't see me again. Won't see you again unless you can't learn from other peoples experiences. I don't know which dealership does fair and honest work but I intend to find out; Selling cars might be ok but repair is a gyp.
The prices keep tempting me to try this place again, but I have already given them two chances already and they came up way short. I think some critics here on yelp often have unrealistic expectations. This place is cheap and I do not expect a five star dining experience, However i do expect them to get my order right and not to throw away food because it simply is pretty bad.
This is an outdated theater with all kinds of sketchiness going on. I've only seen one movie here, but a group of kids walked in late and then talked and laughed for the duration of the movie. No one from the theater walked in once, as they do in most theaters. It's probably very possible to have a decent time here, but my experience was very poor. I do not recommend this theater. (I tried to reach out to the company to share my experience but the inquiries/complaints page was down and wouldn't accept submissions.)
They are the most unprofessional business I have ever had to deal with. The scheduling is a nightmare....back and forth emails that never ended in a solution. They are obviously not into putting their customers first or providing excellent services. Once you purchase the services from them through Groupon the money is immediately taken from your credit card but then you have to wait 2 months to even get on the schedule. Then the week of your appointment they send an email to reschedule and word it as if you are the one that needs to reschedule. I wish I would have read the other negative customer reviews about The Cleaning Solution before I purchased this waste of time!
We started off using the cleaning solution on a groupon. Our first experience was good-friendly quick reply and a great clean. We then signed up for reoccurring cleaning and requested Thomas G because he does an amazing job and knows our dogs. We we're told he'd come and if he wasn't coming they would let us know so we can leave the dogs in the kennel or outside. They did not let us know and the new cleaners would not go into the house because the dogs we're barking at them(completely understandable). When we talked with the holly and one other person (can't remember the name) they we're rude and continued to tell us "sorry you're dogs didn't let your house get cleaned" They also did not make any attempts to reschedule. Then they double charged us for cleaning. The quality of cleaning was good from Thomas but otherwise was horrible. One time when Thomas didn't come we had to have someone come out and re clean because the house was still dirty. I couldn't even tell that someone had been there. When we first complained again horrible customer service. After a little over six months and any attempts at making things work, we finally cancelled our service. I wouldn't recommend anyone using this company.
Ive been getting my dog groomed here for a few years. I liked dealing with the same few people and them knowing me and my pet by name. As a couple of the groomers started leaving I decided to stick to the one groomer I'd know longest, Jen. My dog is difficult, and Jen is great with her. However the last time I set up an appointment I was informed she was no longer available. Out of desperation I agreed to let the manager groom my dog thinking the manager must be as good as Jen or they wouldnt be manager right? Wrong. When I dropped my dog off he seemed to be completely confused by everything that was going on. Then my dog was at the salon for HOURS. Not 2 to 4 like it had always been before. More like 6 hours. So I tried to be understanding because it did seem like they had more than they could handle that day. But when I picked up my dog I was incredibly disappointed! The cut was choppy and uneven and my dog looked like she had stripes. There were spots that werent even shaved and my dogs nails seemed barely trimmed. I will never take my dog back to that petco. If that is the kind of management or even groomer they allow there they wont have my business ever again. I called around to every grooming salon vet and boutique in the general area and found jen at a vet and boarding facility on rose garden and cave creek and will be following her, soon most likely because I feel so bad for my baby. I would not recomend this grooming salon any more. While the manager seems to be a very nice person he doesnt appear to be a very good groomer. And the supporting staff is all new except for the one girl that I believe recently started doing hair cuts. If you go to this particular salon, good luck.
This place is very small and dirty, in fact, it seems like a little pharmacy without any certificate. That so-called doctor didn't help at all, worse instead. Those so-called herbs charged me a lot! However, I have no idea what he asked me to take at all. I just paid 200 bucks and took these Chinese medicines and then getting worse. Terrible terrible place! Don't ever go there unless you wanna suffer more pain!
Friendly staff but Not a fan. Not sure if food is prepared elsewhere or night before because they microwaved our food.
Do not go here!!! The wings here gave both my boyfriend and I food poisoning! The decrepit conditions should have been a red flag along with the staff that so very obviously hate their jobs and have no pride in their restaurant. If you are opposed to vomiting all day do not step foot in this ghetto, disgusting establishment!!!
Same goes for our experiences in the past. We will drive all the way to Tatum and Shea than go here. We had sent Christmas packages for overnight and paid a bunch for overnight shipping to CA. The packages arrive over a week late and this store was not helpful at all for the reasons for the delay. I can't believe that they are still in business. The elderly man who works there is so miserable when he waited on me that I left there in a bad mood. No thanks.
Don't get me wrong, I love the ORIGINAL LA CANASTA off 7th avenue and Grant and this is the sister restaurant but the service sucks! I had to wait 15 minutes for a waiter. Once he came, he seemed like he was on one angering my table along with two other tables (who walked out). We pretty much got full of chips and salsa. He forgot our order, had to come back twice and then took 10 minutes to take our debit card. I love the food but the constant turning around of how this restaurant conducts business. I would like some consistency. The consistency of the food between the original restaurant and sister restaurant is what is on point. I will drive out of my way to go to the original restaurant. If you're going for the food, go to Sylvia's, if you're going for the service, drive to South Phoenix.
This place does not fulfill the "ultimate ice cream experience." The manager is completely rude and inconsiderate to the customers requests. I go to this Cold Stone several times because the other ones are too far from where I live. I have found hair, bugs, and even broken finger nails inside my ice-cream. The place has cockroaches and the lobby is never cleaned. Every time I walk in, it is a disaster. The tables are sticky with ice-cream and so is the floors. The workers all tell me they dislike their boss and all want to leave. What kind of franchise is Cold Stone running? I do not recommend this Cold Stone at all! I stopped going last month.
Had the Churro Caramel Crave and the churros were over cooked in the microwave and destroyed my desert experience. Nice kid who made it but maybe they should have fresh churros instead of microwaving frozen ones. Disappointed because I love Cold Stone but I honestly wasted my money.
I can not believe they would let someone pump gas while smoking a cigarette at the pump. This morning whiled I was getting gas a Red Vette was being fueled with the driver smoking at the pump he was using to fill his car. The fact the gasoline vapors are heavier than air lessens the chance of an explosion, does that make it acceptable to smoke while pumping gas? With all the safety features in place can there still be a catastrophic failure? What kind of damage would be caused if these tanks were to explode? Do we really want to find out? As this Red Corvette was at the pump closest to the buildings and the driver making no attempt to hide his smoking there its no good reason for this not to have been caught. If you would like, I have the license plate number of the car.
Hope no one else prepaid for anything 'cause these guys are gone. Just found they were closed - They got us for $100. Let's see if they do the right thing...
Wow...all I have to say is wow. Read the reviews on here. Some of them are people with 1 friend and no picture. I am pretty sure these ratings are fluffed. I know we came here based on reviews and it had to be the worst haircut I have ever had. Only because we paid a high dollar amount which is fine...normal in fact but my cut was as if I did nothing. What a waste. Same goes for the other person with me and in fact her haircut was just a mess. I do not get my hair colored but I can tell you that you will pay an extremely high dollar amount for trims...not cuts. They will highlight your hair based on how you part it. So if you experiment with your hair at all, changing parts, braiding etc...you are out of luck. If you do decide to go make sure you stay on them or they will cut corners like crazy...which is the weirdest thing I have ever experienced at a salon. Again I do not get my hair died but I know when I see a bad die job. I went with this person to there next visit with a new stylist and she was floored at what she saw. One last tip, when looking for a new salon check out the reviewers pictures. Make sure they have good hair and have something similar to what you are looking for. Also make sure that they have more than 2 friends as that typically is the salon writing reviews for themselves.
Is it possible to give a zero star rating because this place certainly is worthy of one. The family and I were going to the Dodger vs D-Backs game on 9/25 and after wandering aimlessly around the stadium we made the mistake of choosing this place. After being seated in the outdoor area we waited for almost 15 minutes before our waitress took our drink order. It only got worse from there. The wife ordered the southwest sliders which were dry, flavorless and came with just one small slice of jalapeno. I had the pulled pork sliders which were also dry with the worst bbq sauce I have ever had. Poor service and even worse food guarantees there will be no return visit.
Now normally I would not give a whataburger this low of a rating. But back in Dec on a vacation I came back from a bar late on a Sunday night went to this whataburger and they had no meat! We went to the drive up menu where greeted. Told them it would be a minute. We took ten minutes and finally when we decided what we wanted we where THEN told they where out of meat. Sigh.
Not impressed at all. Had the coconut soup and phad Thai. It tasted like it was one of the "instant" bowls. I've had Thai several times in my life, I've even purchased some of the Thai instant stuff for my home. The taste was ridiculously similar. It wasn't a good experience at all. I won't be back, unfortunately. I was really excited about this place seeing all the reviews.
WTH!!!...if this is what phoenix yelp users highly rate as "the place" for lunch then they are certainly lacking taste buds. Never had a worse boring tuna sandwich in my life...this place takes the cake. Speaking of desserts, had some kind of chunky, teeth breaking bar. Looked and tasted like they just dumped sugar, chocolate, and more sugar into those suckers...gross. Potatoe salad was just as bland as my tuna salad if not worse. Would not recommend this place for lunch. Subway has better taste than this #*@&
This was the absolute worst menu I have ever seen. Horrible elevator music, distasteful attempt at decoration and my bread was as hard as a Rock. Cesar salad was drenched I'm dressing and my lettuce was soggy.
This place is marginal at best...the food is nothing special and the service is absolutely horrible. We ate here last year and were unimpressed but figured we would give them the benefit of the doubt and another try...big mistake!!! We stood outside waiting to be seated for forever and were finally greeted ( and I used the term lightly)by some sour faced hostess that seemed to hate her job... maybe even her life. Another long wait and our server showed up... the food did come out quickly... but how long does soup and salad take. But after that he pretty much disappeared.... We sat there for the better part of 30 minutes ...totally finished eating, just hanging out for our check. We were seated outside and saw several groups of people just walk away because they were tired of standing there waiting to be seated. I would understand if the place was busy but it is far from it...its too bad because we do a lot of work at symphony hall and would frequent this place because its convenient...but I think I've had my final bad experience
I will never give this restaurant another dime as long as i live. I have spent countless hours and dollars here as well as refered many family members and friends here. The food is great, but the recent visits have been inexcusable. Friday night the place was semi busy but had 3-5 empty tables and about 8 open seats at the bar. We asked for a table and were told it was a 45 minute wait so we opted to sit at the bar, but were told there was a wait there as well. I told the hostess there were empty seats all over and asked if we should go somewhere else. She told me very annoyed that we could sit at the bar. Through out whole meal nobody else sat at the bar. I wonder who was waiting. Today i just returned for sunday brunch and was told there is a wait for a table, again plenty of seats open. So i said can i sit at the bar? She replied she was trying to keep those seats open "incase a large party comes in." i asked ok where can i sit prior to being told "just wait for a table." again i askes should i just go spend my money somewhere else? She then fumbled and said let me see what i can do. What can she do im thinking? What the hell there are open seats everywhere and nobody waiting and one of your best regulars wants ONE seat. Needless to say I walked right out. In an economy where places are shutting down and losing their lease, id think you would hire nice and intelligent people. There are lots of over qualified people who need any job they can get. I dont know why i would spend my money somewhere where people are rude to me and incompetent. You lose, switch.
oK, first i broke my promise to myself and went here again, i figured by now things have got to be better. i ordered something that i wouldn't care if it was cold, French Toast. ok so the french toast is good. but it wasn't worth waiting 40 fucking minutes to get it. and on top of it. my friends food was cold again. one of them would rather eat glass then eat at this place so refused to order a cold meal, but since my other friend was paying she said fuck it i'll go. well she ordered toast and some sausage as sides. and my other friend ordered the mish mash, his review of the place is more generious then mine, but he's only been there once and said it wasn't so bad. lol. so anyways toast, soo cold the butter couldn't even melt. and cold sausage to boot. the friend with the mishmash, lol. i saw the bottom of the bowl and it was all a weird watery substance at the bottom. how hard is it to drain poached eggs before dumping them in a bowl? i was going to give palatte 3 stars based on the french toast, but it was hardly warm. i so badly want to like this place cause it's close and Matt's is always packed. can i please get a breakfast place in the roosevelt area that is large enough to seat more then 20 people and serves good breakfast?
I am leaving this store angry and can't resist writing a review! The staff is incredibly useless....if you can actually find someone to help you. The store is huge with very little signs to guide you. Therefore I always wander aimlessly looking for the one simple thing I stopped in for (even though I tell myself I will never go back) with no one to help me. Today they were out of an item I bought last week and need more of to finish my project. I asked the only 100 year old lady I could find to check the back and she told me they have nothing in back and to ask customer service. The lady at customer service was actually a reasonable age and when I asked her to call the Indian Bend store she handed me their number and said "well you can call them". I stormed out soooo mad and this time I promise to never go back. Hobby Lobby or Michaels is worth the drive!!!
Place sucks...long lines poor customer service. First u stand in a amazingly long line to get the fabric cut and then a equally long line for checkout... darn my kids art project.....
Got stuck behind hill billies repackaging their crap- missed bag check by 2 minutes!!! wtf I now you won't check my bag with a late tag even!!! Such horrible customer sevice! And lady behind the counter---- speak to everyone respectfully. Why are you speaking down to me- Customer service anyone?
It's McDonald's: How do you fuck up McDonald's? Easy--hire no one who speaks English, consistently serve cold and stale french fries and generally let the store be filthy. I'm so glad I live in the quasi-ghetto!
Seriously this is possibly the worst breakfast burrito I have ever had! I ordered a breakfast burrito to go and when I asked for extra hot sauce I got a huge attitude but, that aside I was excited to try it out. It looked like it would be pretty authentic . I came in and cut it in half only to discover mashed potatoes drenched in butter, the egg didn't look like egg and the salsa was horrible. Maybe that's not there specialty but, I'm not going to go back. I had to toss my burrito!
This place is awful - I waited 10 minutes for a preassembled chili dog to be thrown in a microwave. This questionable cooking technique saturated the roll in grease and made it too hot to hold on my hands, requiring the use of a fork and knife to eat a hot dog. The airport should throw this vendor out and get a restaurant of some sort to replace it - perhaps a Nathan's???
I hate to be that guy that brings down a rating because of a terrible experience. Believe me, I'm not here to troll. I'm so dissatisfied with this place that I don't even want to write an extensive review. After waiting 30 minutes for a haircut, with nobody ahead of me besides the three guys that were mid-cut when I came in, and my barber asked me what kind of cut I wanted. I have a little bit longer hair and wasn't interested in any sort of buzz, and we both verbally agreed I was there for a scissor cut. I was in the chair, hat and glasses off, and the barber basically told me to go ahead and wait for a different barber to take care of it instead. Long story short, the guy who came in 15 minutes after me ended up getting his haircut while I walked out with no intentions of looking back. If you want a good cut, I recommend Electric Haven Tattoo / Barber on McClintock and Southern. They all do scissor cuts.
Stopped by last evening and sat at the bar for nearly 15 minutes being ignored by the two bartenders. The guy next to me was served and then the bartender went out to smoke. He watched me as i walked the length of the bar to leave. Called them today thinking they might like some feedback, but never heard from them. Was I too old? Wrong shirt? Many other bars in town seem happy to take my money. I suggest you take your business elsewhere.
I am appalled to see that the staff at the cleaners on Thunderbird Rd now have tip jars on the counters - seriously?? They don't even do the dry cleaning there, they send it out!! If they are unable to pay their staff a decent wage, they should not expect customers to pick up the slack. They put the laundry or dry cleaning into a sac and ring you up. Later they hand your clean clothes to you upon pick up. How is that a service that warrants tipping?? Seems like greed and entitlement.
Reviews for this place are really misleading. We went there today, and we were very disappointed. If you're looking for more authentic Indian food, this is not the place. We noticed that the chicken tikka was sweeter than usual, when we asked the chef if it had ketchup or bbq sauce, he mentioned that they did use some ketchup. We ordered 3 other dishes, biryani, lamb chili, and chicken karahi. The biryani was not fresh - the chicken was sub-par, the lamb chili was OK - a little bland, and the chicken karahi was relatively the better dish of the night. Again, there was only one other table that was occupied, so maybe they weren't prepared? We went there because we were at an event where they catered food from there, and that catered food was much better than what we had at the restaurant. Not going back there.
We had our company Christmas Party there. Before closing, the staff turned the lights out over half our table. The darkness was so overwelming, that we all forgot what we were even talking about. When we were leaving our ruined party, we spoke to the staff about this. They responded that "we all have families to go home to." They don't care about their customers' experiences there. I will never go there again. Not even an "I'm sorry!" from them.
I ate here with a friend about a week ago and we both got the most horrible food poisoning ever!! Plus, we waited over 45 minutes for a table when the place was nearly empty. The host staff was extremely rude. The manager and our waiter were helpful and friendly but they're food is unsafe. Never ever eat here!!!
Spend your money elsewhere! First time at Pappadeaux we had a bad experience with 1 staff member, brought it to the attention of management and were given a $50 gift card to make things right (was a pretty bad experience, not normally complainers) When returned for a 2nd time, to use the gift card, the hostess sat our party of 3 in between 2-10+ person parties. Our 4 person table was squished in between the 2 parties that when the server went to take people's orders at the big party she was literally standing over top of me, shouting to the people on the other side of the table. We asked to move as they clearly had open tables in other areas that were not so cramped - it was such an ordeal to allow us to move 30 ft to a new table. We get a new table and it takes 15-20 minutes before anyone comes over. By this time it's about 6:15pm and we know happy hour is only until 6:30pm. We asked for a round of drinks and are told happy hour is only available in the bar area. WTF. We decline ordering drinks at the table and one of use walks to the bar, orders happy hour priced drinks and brings them back to our table. Genius! Apparently this is frowned upon though, oh well. And the happy hour drink prices are laughable, a sweet tea...whatever its called was $8 - what the hell does it cost non-happy hour. Their food is horribly over priced for what you get, its on par with Red Lobster and almost twice as expensive. My friend ordered the stuffed crab and the server lets her know there is no crab in this dish, its 2 empty crab shells stuffed with breading, shrimp and fish bits. 12 shrimp cost about $17, I did not see any evidence that they had been dipped in gold prior to the fryer. My friends Caesar salad has ONE lone crouton floating in the soggy, limp lettuce. Our server, Jimmy was empathetic that we were having a rough experience and he gave us a creme brulee on the house. Not to sound unappreciative, but I'm glad we didn't pay for it, was just meh. Time to pay. Our bill comes to $72. We have the $50 gift card and throw in $40 in cash and decide to let Jimmy keep the difference which is a pretty nice tip, since he had given us dessert. He picks up the check book and we tell him we are good, no change needed. We start to get ready to leave and another server/manager perhaps comes over w/ a receipt showing we owe $18 after the gift card was charged. The $40 has disappeared, did Jimmy think we gave him a $40 tip?? To avoid any further annoyance we just leave and leave the $18 DUE receipt on the table. Go to Red Lobster :)
This place was dirty and gross. They didn't have a menu. It is volunteer run which is pretty cool, but not if it takes 25 minutes to get a lemonade and not if you are watching the volunteers screaming at each other and throwing stuff at each other. The food was bland and not worth eating. Didn't get the impression that any of the food was organic, and the place was very very very dirty. Saw a kid in his diaper running around the kitchen area. Weird. Overall it's a good concept, but seriously I like to feel clean when I eat out and feel like I don't have to wait a half hour for a lemonade when it is 110 degrees outside. Peace.
I have been coming here for a long time- 5 years or so. Always very pleased with the quality and quality of the gyros and sauce. But today 11-25-2013 I ordered one to go with extra sauce on the side. The gyro was about 2/3rd the size that it use to be. My friend and I would split it and not be able to finish it. I had no sauce on it ,the order taker was very confused. Now for taste. It was dry, tasteless, no onion and could not finish the small 1/2- In the trash it went. Maybe new owner or cook, what ever I won't be back- a real loss- I liked going to small shops but they have lost my business I will pay the price at My Big Fat Greek for a good Gyro-
Another place I just don't get....the cupcakes are certainly no better than anything you would find at your local grocery. They look pretty but the cake was dry and more importantly, the frosting was horrible! Overly sweet and, to reiterate, tasted like something you'd find at a supermarket. Don't waste your time and money.
Review from our cake tasting back in February. Going to try to make this short and sweet! We live right around the corner from Let Them Eat Cake and I figured, its close, it was somewhat well reviewed, so why not! I head in one day on my way home from work to set up an appointment. I figured that okay if this place is charging $20 for a cake tasting its gotta be good, right?! When I get home, J and I filled out the questionnaire so they can have a sample of 3 cake flavors, fillings, and frostings for us to try and I email it back. So, fast forward to 8 weeks later (the soonest they could get us in...on a rainy Saturday morning in February). J and I arrived for the appointment about 5 minutes early. We're prompt like that, or at least I am when he's with me...HA! ;) We stood around in the Cupcake Cafe for 5 minutes before we were asked if we could be helped. We were finally escorted into the side office. There we sat and waited for the owner for a couple of minutes. The owner arrived in a flurry and plopped down two paper plates and plastic forks with our tastings. We were then left alone for another 5 minutes. She arrived again in another flurry, plopped down the books, and left again for another 5-10 minutes. When she finally returned and sat down, she gave off an air of impatience, bragged about her awards, and made a show of the Food Network Challenge Chef's coat she was wearing. She was very brisk and business like pushing us into designing our cake and reminded us her pending appointment to immediately follow our own. Total face time with the owner - maybe 10-15 minutes. The cake review - Here's the kicker, they combined all the flavors into a single, three layer cake. The fillings we requested sandwiched between the layers. And one frosting on the side. The cake was cold, so we guessed they had put together "our" cake a day or two in advance and left it to sit in the fridge. All the flavors melded in a way you could not judge the quality of them individually. What we could discern was sub-par and some of the worst cake we've tasted in our lives. Its one thing to charge for a tasting and quite another to rob someone of $20 for something Little Debbie can do better for only .99. By the time we were finished, the remainder of the tasting cake seemed like a consolation prize from the worlds worst game show. We knew immediately upon exiting the building that we would not be using their services. Okay, so I guess that review was definitely not short and certainly not sweet for the vendor! PS - J and I made it a point to TiVo the Food Network Challenge - Anniversary Cake episode she appeared on. She and the Sedona baker she was teamed with, lost. Surprising, I think NOT! Let Them Eat Cake - FAIL!! FAIL!! FAIL!!!
NOT OPEN ON WEEKENDS! If you serve coffee be open on the weekends, please!! I tried to come here twice and they weren't open. Pretty bummed because I was hoping there was a cafe in walking or bike ride distance from my place. Bummer.
ahhh back in the day!!! when it was fresh and good, then fucking Fresh an Easy came along{ yes i do love me some f@E but damn}and they ruined it for all of us... Now it is like going back to an old boyfriend that you pretended was not that bad, righhhht... They tried, really they did but it is just a shell, the magic is gone.. I've always been in love with you, i guess you know it's true, you took my love for granted.... why? the show is over say goodbye....SAY gooodbye....you broke my heart...
First to review, now the last. Stopped by to see Hiro and Shige at "Shiro Sushi" last night and there is a note on the door. "Couldn't make it through the slow times". Too bad. Hopefully we will find them elsewhere soon. TJ
I havent been to PV mall for many years since moving to north Scottsdale, so it was a surprise to see how run down the place is. The final straw for me was watching as a young man shook down a shopper in Dillards for bus fare. Yes, panhandling in the main aisle in Dillards, but even more impressive was overhearing one of the salespeople explain to another salesperson "how it happens all the time and management doesn't do anything about it." I walked out of the store looking over my shoulder, thinking the panhandler was following me out after having made eye contact with him and seeing him do a quick turnabout in my direction. Who needs that shit. I will never go back to PV Mall....it IS the new Christown! Shame on you Dillards management!
Terrible stores. Mall looks tired and dreary. There is a kiosk where a women 'threads' eyebrows. She uses her mouth to hold the thread then spits it on the floor. Many weird cheap stores.
Do NOT go here! It used to be Taste of India or something like that. I went out of my way on a weekly basis to go there. Until just last weekend. Ugh. The pakoori were plain old fried veggies. The Chicken Tikka Masala had chunks of...something white. The chicken itself seemed ok (how can you screw up tandoori???) but I will never, EVER go there agin! NE corner 32nd St and Greenway. *sigh*
We decided to try this place out after reading several good reviews. First of all, if you are going to eat here we recommend you sit at the counter looking into the kitchen like we did so you can see the cooks mopping up grease off your eggs with the same towel they dropped on the floor and have been using to pull pans out of the oven and move saute pans with. Health code aside, the food was the most disappointing we have ever had. I ordered the Wolf pack over easy at, get this, Over Easy. The eggs were completely hard buried in crappy frozen hash browns. Before I even got this steaming pile we watched it sit under the warmer for 10 minutes while they killed my wife's egg white omelette. Over an inch thick and completely over cooked, it broke in half when they "folded" it. It had burnt edges all around from the broiler. Once the food was finally delivered and we looked at the mess in front of us, we dropped several dollars down for our coffee, pushed our plates away, and drove to Matt's Big Breakfast.
OverEasy?. . . NEVEREASY!, is more like it. Shared similar experience with those who rated this place one or two stars. Tried it twice, sat in uncomfortable bar stools and watched our food sit and get cold, showed up for brunch just to find out they close at 11:30 AM. Like I said, NEVEREASY, even better NEVERAGAIN!
Man. This place was so disappointing. I was trying to think of a place to eat breakfast this morning, and this place popped into my head. I don't know why, I think I had heard of it from someone, but anyway, we were in the neighborhood so we went. That was the mistake. We waited outside for about 20 minutes, which wasn't so bad, considering this place was on tv and whatnot. We got seated over by the wall... really close to the people next to us. The place was loud and the person sitting next to me was yelling the whole time... did not stop. We were basically sitting at the same table as this person so that was annoying. Not the restaurant's fault though. So I ordered the chicken and waffles at the waiter's recommendation and the BF ordered pancakes and bacon. We both ordered coffee (2.25 for a cup of drip coffee?!?!?! how do they charge so much?). The coffee wasn't terrible, not great, but not bad, kind of metallic, also we didn't get a second refill on the coffee... cups stood empty. The waiter brought out a tiny thing of half and half but never refilled it (the coffee was much worse without cream). Our food came quickly. The chicken was a fried breast on top of a thin waffle. The chicken actually had decent flavor, but the waffle was completely tasteless, soggy, and detracted from the overall flavor of the food... useless calories. So my food was not terrible... but not good by any means, and for 9$, it should have been good. The real reason for the one star was the BF's pancakes. WTF. These pancakes were terrible. They had no flavor and they were dry as could be. These pancakes were not as good as bisquick at home. They were not as good as the pancakes at mcdonalds. They were not as good as those frozen pancakes that you microwave. How did they make pancakes so bad? At a popular breakfast place no less. In addition, the syrup was in a squeeze bottle on the table... not heated up or anything. The syrup was flavorless as well... mrs. butterworth's is better. So gross. And the bacon (4$), was so small. 3 wimpy soggy slices that were not at all crispy. Then I got the bill. 25$. Wow. This place has some nerve charging that much for this poor excuse of a breakfast. Never again, I would go get a frozen breakfast from the grocery store before I would come get food here again.
Disaster. Victim of their own success. Great food, but should be avoided at all costs. Lousy, lousy service. How can scrambled eggs take an hour to cook?
When we got there they said the wait would be 15-20 minutes. 35 minutes later we had to ask and they said it would be another 15-20 minutes. Finally they ended up sitting us about 30 minutes later. The food was not at all what I had expected. The waffle was very plain - no garnish or anything came with it. It tasted like sawdust. The pancakes were also very bland and their syrup is very watery and jus sits ont he table so it is not warm. The whites of my eggs were runny even though I had asked for over medium and the chicken fried steak was overcooked so it the crust was hard. The sweet potato tots were mushy and lacked flavor at all. Our entire party was very disappointed.
Horrible customer service and takes 20 for a pizza that was made wrong!!!!
If you're into Ahwatukee Housewives swapping and popping prescription smack on Saturday night, having your ass grabbed by a creepy divorcee old enough to be your father, weak sauce beverages and "Mexican food" that makes Taco Bell look appealing, then you will absolutely love Loco Patron. I also haven't been back in four years, so maybe things have changed. Still, I wouldn't go out of my way to give it another shot.
Are you Fucking kidding me! You did NOT leave a disconnect notice on my fence for a non payment of $49.57. Hold it, let me check that again. Oh yes you did! For a mere $49.50 are you kidding me!? You Mother Fuckers! I Fucking hate you! I'm sorry I didn't get your Damn bill ... I practiclly never pickup my mail because all my bills BUT yours are auto paid. My mailbox is nothing but a heaping pile of junk mail and your F'n bill. And no I'm not going to let you automatically deduct from my account. I don't trust you, not even a little. And no I'm not giving you my e-mail address. I have no doubt you'd sell it to some spammer in Burma for a penny! And no I am not calling your B.S. payment line in India and then call you back with my payment confrimation number! You can go to Hell! You'll get your damn $49.57 when Wells Fargo get it to you, you bastards! And if it weren't for Yelp! I'd proabaly go off the Damn grid just to spite you Fuckers! Assholes!
APS has the most incompetent customer service. Their service compared to SPR is so much more expensive!!!! I am talking $40 compared to APS's $120+ bill. It's been since January 2013 that we moved out and we have still NOT received our deposit back!!! And it's already end of March!!! Every time you call, the story is different with each representative. "Oh, it went out yesterday!" "Oh, it actually takes 3 weeks to be released..." "Oh, ...." Avoid making a deposit at all cost! They charge through roof and I am almost suspicious their meter numbers are reported wrong because one month that we lived there and we were on vacation for most of the month, turned eveything off and didn't use heat or A/C, the bill was still high as if we used electricity every day... Nothing makes sense with them. THEY SUCK. Choose SRP ONLY! Their customer is the best and their rates are very appropriate.
This is the most unethical company. They have the WORST customer service and because we HAVE to use them, they treat us that way. They should be ashamed of themselves. We NEED a competitor to come in and shake it up. When there is only ONE baker in town, everyone eats stale bread.
I have Multiple Sclerosis, I can walk somewhat. However I can't walk well enough to make it through a Walmart. This one does not have any courtesy carts, they don't own any.... unlike every other mid to large store in the country. Which is not really surprising since this store is so run down and dirty, you can just see no one cares or cleans anything. I'm pretty happy I can't physically shop there and had to leave.
It's unfortunate that this is the closest WalMart to me because it is literally the worst Walmart EVER! Not only is there ALWAYS a line because there's never enough employees working but you can count on some idiot in the 20 items or less line with MORE THAN 20 ITEMS! Did I mention the clientele is HORRIBLE?! Whoever manages this Walmart needs to open their eyes! ::Written while waiting in line at THIS VERY WALMART!!::
This is absolutely the worst WalMart I have been to in the continental United States. I figured in stead of writing about I would just give 10 key points on why to avoid it. 1. Customer service sucks...every department customer service sucks. Pharmacy...yup sucks, Photo Center yup it sucks, Return Department/Customer Care...sucks like a starving baby on a teet sucks, General help around the store...definitely sucks. 2. There is never ever ever ever EVER enough registers open. 3. If you have a specific question on product or need to find something specific plan on losing it least 30 minutes of your life either waiting for a customer service rep or anyone to answer it. 4. THIS PLACE IS DIRTY...like you might get Hepatitis C in the produce department...I have literally seen little hood rat kids...take stuff off the shelf after picking their runny nose...eat part of an item...like strawberries or grapes and then put it back in the bin with the rest of the food. 5. Plan on getting hit up for any multiple of things in the parking lot...prostitution, money, tamales, the list is endless...and this parking lot smells worse then most city dumps I have been to. 6. Long lines...like when they are busy plan on making sure your phone is charged to catch up on all your games....typically you can plan on being 5 to 6 carts back waiting...the self check outs are not any faster...and they are not truly self check outs...because there is so much theft in this store...they are somewhat manned by window licking retards for the most part who still have trouble looking for a bar code. 7. Staff...I can honestly say I do not think this location drug tests. Some of the reps in this store look like they are on crack or meth and maybe have been clean for a week or less, there uniforms are almost always dirty, most of them don't wear uniforms, or name tags and it is hard to find an actual employee...and hygiene standard does not exist here. Examples of responses I have gotten when asking an employee here for help: a. I am on my lunch break (my favorite) b. No Habla English...(really...really!) c. I am deaf, I can't help you. (in what sounded like a fake deaf person voice) d. Its not my department. 8. Pricing is not accurate...the price on an item will say $1.99 on the shelf, but if you go home and check your receipt carefully you might have gotten charged $2.29 for it. This has happened multiple times...but after going to the customer service line...waited almost 40 minutes till I got to the front...plus the time for them to go check the price on the shelf and come back to customer service...my time was worth more then the .60 cents to get refunded. 9. Stuff every where were it shouldn't be. Like yogurt on the dog food shelf, which I am sure eventually gets put back with the rest of the yogurt...GROSS. Expired items being sold in the dairy department...I purchased several packages of Cream Cheese, got home and noticed they had past there expiration date. 10. This Walmart as a whole...this store has not changed, I have lived in Phoenix now for 15 years, and thru out time this place has gotten worse and worse. I would think being a multi-billion dollar company would take a little more pride in its stores...how about the Walton family take a pay cut and hire a few more employees at this location to pick up the slack. I absolutely loathe going here anytime between 10am and 1am...I try to go only for essentials only...usually late late at night when there is not 200 people there...and several times I find myself driving to the North Scottsdale location...which is like night and day compared to this location. Anyhow my points got a little lengthy...to be precise I can sum up this place in 2 words. IT SUCKS!
Not authentic at all. Anyone who's been to Thailand and had street food there will hands down say that this is far from genuine Thai food. 1. Nam tok "beef salad"- since when does salad mean stir-fry? Disgusting. More disgusting? the mite sized insect that I found scampering on a lettuce leaf in the dish. That sucker was fast, I wanted to take a photo for proof! Also poor cuts of meat used (maybe that makes it semi authentic that no piece was left unused?) 2. Thai ice tea- actually good 3. Sticky rice- it's hard to come by sticky rice not transformed into dessert, so I was impressed when they had it. They microwaved the hell out of it and it was a hot, dehydrated chewy flat rice cake. When I told the waitress that it wasn't very good and that the nam tok wasn't good and I thought it would be Thai style (which definitely wasn't that!!!) she said "oooh sorry!" and that's it. No consolation prize. I assume they're doing well by the benz that pulled up to drop off groceries, more like "gross-eries"
I don't intend to return, but based on the way we were treated by the kitchen earlier this week, my "uncouth" self doesn't exactly feel welcome anyway. However, I'm not quite convinced that it's my loss... It had been almost a year since my original visit to Breadfruit which did not overwhelm (as you can judge by it taking me a year to make it back) but I did have an appreciation of the option for Caribbean cuisine. Since a friend and I were going to be downtown for an event, I suggested Breadfruit for our dinner spot. We enjoy good food and supporting local. The option to pick up wine at the Public Market next door and have the already reasonable corkage fee waived was a bonus, as we had really enjoyed a couple of the Arizona Stronghold wines at a recent FnB wine pairing and thought they would pair well with the Jamaican heat! While the scallops were delicious and cooked perfectly, 2 for $12.50 -- $6.25 per scallop -- is a tad steep in my book. We also shared the Jerk Chicken Salad ($9.95) and the Jerk Prawns Off the Grill ($14.95). Here's the ultimate rub, the bottom of the menu states "no substitutions or modifications"... Since when is cutting a KFC-side-sized ear of corn a "modification"? At the same time, the menu describes the restaurant and it's offerings as "Nothing fancy; simply good food that nourishes and rejuvenates the body." It seems like cutting something in half so we could easily share it -- particularly after the plate has been delivered to the table for us to appreciate it's "beauty" AND after we've communicated to our server and demonstrated with the first two courses that we were splitting the items -- is in the vein of "nothing fancy." How about providing the customer with an appropriate utensil to cut it themselves, then? The fact that the chef was obstinate in refusing to cut the KFC-side-sized ear of corn provided with our entree screams "pretentious and grandiose" and tainted our entire experience. To quote my dinning companion, "You are not James Beard and James Beard would've cut the corn!"
*update* after posting this review I got word they were talking about it on FB. I posted a screen shot of their FB post and I think it sums up the exact issues we had with their service. Very rude* we had a nice server so he is mostly excluded from this review. the rest of the experience was really disappointing and our whole party wished we would have left and gone somewhere else all because of how things started off. let me just say this place was practically empty the whole time we were there. there were a few people but most tables were empty. it was a pretty early dinner reservation. we originally only had 6 people confirmed for dinner the night of my birthday celebration but we had 4 more people confirm last minute. we called as soon as The Breadfruit opened to see about extending our reservation. They told us they would only accommodate groups of 6. this was a huge pain bc it was an hour before our reservations and people were already on their way. we were able to convince them to reserve a 2nd table next to ours on the patio so we would all fit and be able to sit near each other. Only after they confirmed we'd be ordering alcohol in addition to our meals of course. upon arriving we realized we had the whole patio to ourselves and if we pushed the tables together we would all be able to fit comfortably together with room for another table on the patio should they have more diners. we asked if we could push our tables together and they were very snotty telling us we were basically lucky that they even agreed to accommodate us to begin with and the set up they created was our only option. we should bow down and kiss their feet for taking us at all. like seriously?! you can't make any exceptions?! it would be one thing for us to suck it up if it clearly wasn't possible but it was totally possible for us all to sit together without changing a dang thing to the outside set up. it doesn't change anything!!! our group could have sat together for crying out loud. it was totally possible. so stubborn and rude. so that really set the mood for all of us. if we thought someplace nearby could accommodate a group of 10 last minute we would have pimp walked outta there. but we endured it, tried to get past it for the sake of the meal and enjoyed all of their tasty drinks and the food was good. i loved their pina colada redux. the spring rolls were super boring flavor wise and left me thinking "what the heck, yelpers?! why did so many people recommend this?". my jerk chicken was tasty. about 95% of our group smokes so after the meal they went to the back area to have a smoke(it sounded like they had a nice area just for this). the servers chased everyone down in the smoking area and tried handing them the bill while they were back there enjoying themselves making things really weird. while the majority of the group was in the back smoking area they served me a free birthday dessert which was awkward bc shouldn't you do that when the whole party is around? they knew most of my party was out back seeing as how they chased them down with the checks. i blew out the candle and the few of us sitting there tasted it. it was one of the grossest things ever so thankfully it was free. it was a really sweet gesture though (but just fyi...dont order the potato dessert pie or whatever its called. better known as barf pie. i totally understand why they give that one away for free. no one would pay for that. just saying). but still, really kind birthday gesture. *ok, after reading some other reviews you people are loving this sweet potato pie. i am officially convinced they served us a rotten piece on purpose* they don't usually let people split the check (we noticed this printed at the bottom of the menu) but our nice server offered to let us... only he made us divide everything up for him. i mean, isn't that his job? i get that it isn't normally allowed but he offered and it would have been really nice for him to divide it up for us. plus the restaurant was not busy and we spent a lot of money on food and drinks. it's the least they could have done but they apparently hate accommodating customers or providing an enjoyable dining experience for larger groups. this behavior would be acceptable at applebees or something. ugh whatever we were just so ready to get the heck out of there bc we were so clearly not welcome. i def won't be back and i know most of my party will not be back based on this experience. this place really is only good for super small, intimate settings. i wouldn't recommend going here with more than 4 people. they make it known that they don't really want you there if there are more than 4 of you anyway so be prepared to have a horrible time if you're with a group. Also, you can't even order breadfruit at the breadfruit.
I didn't feel this place was the real deal. I go to Jamaica fairly often and have eaten at some really great restaurants in New York and Los Angeles. When I asked the host , (part owner?) Why there were no jerk wings on the appertizer menu, he decided to give me a cultural lecture on how in his country jamaicans eat the whole bird. Not sure what that had to do with my question. But anyway, the food was tasty but weak, just like the drinks. Hard for me to take any Jamaican restaurant seriously with no jerk wings on the menu. I mean really? Overpriced for amount of food you get as well. Also overrated
Lots of stuff isnt really organic as stated so just make sure you read ingredients carefully
This is a faux healthy market. They have stuff with hydrogenated oils here. Read the labels!!!!!!!!!!! Its not all healthy Buyer beware!!!! I hate theis place. Plus Trader Joes is cheaper anyway
Cafeteria taste- airport friendliness
I don't understand why this place is still open. I ordered the endive salad which had nice toppings but the endive was inedible had had no flavor. Also the salad was huge and endive was 90% it. My friend had a chicken penne pasta that I could have easily made better at home and I am not a good cook. The service was overwhelming at first, we were greeted by three different people, then half way through our meal it was nonexistent. We watched a busser service all the tables around us while our server had disappeared. Even a man who appeared to be a manager/ owner cleared the empty plates from the diners next to us, offered them dessert and coffee and delivered their dessert. Meanwhile, my guest and I seemed to be completely invisible. I assume this is because we both had most of our food still on our plates and no one wanted to ask why we hadn't eaten it. Still no server around, the busser finally comes and asked if we are finished, we say yes and he takes our mostly full plates without concern if we enjoyed it. I didn't volunteer any info since the service was so bad I wouldn't go back even if I liked the food. I work in a restaurant so I know the difference between a server who is swamped and a lack of interest.
2 drinks, one salad, one bread and one appetizer for $60. Are you kidding me. A small dinner portion salad, ceviche that dis not have marinated shrimp and 2.50 for a small bread. We are used to pay for great food and small portions but not small salads by a movie theatre. No wonder the owners are just hanging out and the place is not as busy for a Friday night. Shame on you for treating your customers like this.
Driver's are crooks! They write in their own tips! Managers aren't very helpful either! All crooks! order somewhere else, not here!
I some people love this place. I hate it. Here is my version of typical CSC trip. I am out w/ friends, and we decide to go out for ice cream. Some people always love it, so we have to go. I go and regret it. I always know we are in trouble approaching the place. There is huge line of people, this is because of popularity and the fact that the ice serving process (the magical "mixing of toppings", more on this later) is so slow. Also usually there are about 20-30 people on the ground praying, for them this is mosque of the false idol "mixin" they are all a screamin' "Mixing Akbar!!"). OK you wait - and wait - and wait. The portions are huge and expensive, nobody wants to split because everyone wants something different. I get the child's super small size, which cost 40 bucks and weighs about 30 lb. for this place the motto = "quantity is job one". They have many toppings, but most of them are pretty lame. Here is the mixing parts. Spoiler alert - if you haven't been don't want to ruin it for you. They take the toppings - and - ready? - ok sit-down - they mix them in. That's right. I don't know how I every lived eating ice cream with almonds on tops, man having them mixed in is amazing - it's similar and yet some how the same. Some sarcasm intended. The staff always seems to have a bad attitude - after all, where else can you go to have toppings *mixed in* to your ice cream? It's a pretty awesome skill that takes a rigorous five minute training program. The ice cream at CSC is not good. It has a weird taste and texture, and I don't mean this in a good way. But given that it has stuff *mixed in* (instead of on top) the ice cream really does not matter I guess. This is the future of ice cream: stores concentrate on the important stuff (mixing in toppings) while not wasting money on incidentals (ice cream). Many will wonder if I exaggerate - a little. Am I grumpy? Very much so. Am I cheap? Yes but I don't mind spending money once and a while if the ice cream is good. What I don't like is that CSC run-away success points to a future where franchise chains sell very large amounts of ice cream, and base their success on what I consider a gimmick. Hate to tell stories about how poor I was as a child, but we used to mix our toppings in, or simply make each spoon dip so that we captured toppings. Barbaric, crude, prehistoric, unimaginable, call it what you like - but the ice cream was decent at least.
Very bad service. Long wait, rude waiter, have to wave down waiter to get service. Happy hour prices are good, rolls are cheap but not worth the service tradeoff. I'll never go back, and neither will any of my friends. I went there for the happy hour but left after I got pissed after being treated like a door mat. Found an even better place 2 miles west, Tokyo Lobby. Friendly greeting, good service, better happy hour, and $5 large sake bombers ALL day long. K Sushi on 43rd and Olive has the best roll i've had though, Nebraska roll, its awesome. Don't know their happy hour prices but they have $24.95 all you can eat.....I got 6 orders of rolls.... They have 50 state rolls, one named after every state, plus all the traditional rolls. My money works the same in every restaurant, but Yen will never get another dime.
Ive been to the Tempe location, and its great, but this one overcharges, or there menus have the wrong price unless tax in phoenix went up at just this location by like 10%. I also got WAY WAY WAY overcharged for an appetizer, 5 cold crab puffs, and a bowl of wonton soup came out to $20 for lunch. I am never going back to this location, if I ever go back. They honestly lost a regular customer. And the salad you get is overdressed and it looks like they do not rinse their veggies.
Finally tried this place, based on the reviews here. I don't know if we went on a off day or what, but I was not impressed. Service was good, very friendly, however the food is another matter. I have had alot of bbq in my time. I am from Ohio and have eaten my fair share, this was not even close to fresh homemade bbq. My husband and I decided to both get the smoked chicken sandwich, a side of fries, mashed potatoes and gravy and a slice of red velvet cake. When she handed us our sandwiches she said "Take some extra sauce, the sandwiches are usually dry", extra sauce is fine, I slathered it on, but I found it strange that she put down the food right away. It was dry and served on the most generic bun. The sauce made up for it, I poured it on and it was good. The best bbq chicken sandwich? I think not. The fries were inedible. They were gross and soggy. The mashed potatoes were ok. I had to scrape the gravy off the top, because it was a salty nastiness, and eat them plain. I love gravy, I swear I think this is the first time in my life that I have not liked a gravy! The red velvet cake was a huge disappointment. I had envisioned something homemade and yummy. Frankly it looked gross in the plastic container she handed me. It was all smashed up and there was whipped cream all over the container. Not good..... Based on my experience here I would not go back. I find it hard to believe that this is talked of as the best bbq in Phoenix. I have had better bbq at chain restaurants.
I'm no longer going to frequent this place. I've been here quite a few times, each time it seems as if the service gets worse. The first time I went here, everything was delish! Fresh and tasty and didn't seem to expensive. The second time, I ordered the fried oysters. I litterally had to get up from my seat and go to the bathroom to spit it out. They were raw inside and tasted rotten. I still gave this place another chance, I have been there several times for lunch ordering the chicken katsu which is very moist and tender and always had a nice large portion for lunch. I also ordered the half sized Udon noodles for $3.50. Their udon broth is amazing. This last time I went the service was horrible. The chicken katsu was very small. I asked for them to add tuna to my shrimp tempura roll and she said they couldn't do that... really? The rolls are all very basic and boring. The rice was very loose and the sushi roll too warm. I couldn't even finish it and it was just gross to put it simply. Another con was that the waitresses can hardly speak english which makes ordering very difficult and extremely confusing. This last waitress was very rude also. I still left her a decent tip but she wasn't very accomadating and it was probably because she was the only waitress during the lunch hour. The prices also seemed to have gone up dramatically for the sushi. I like sushi according to it's price... if it's cheap I expect cheap sushi if it's pricier I expect out of this world sushi and this was pricey sushi for lackluster flavorless fish. I won't be going back anymore.
This service was soooo bad I can't give this place any more than 1 star. The sushi was pretty good, but not worth the frustration of dealing with the slow service. Mind you I always go to a sushi bar planing to spend a good amount of time there. We were in no rush. Bur listen to this! I checked in as we were seated which helped me keep track of time. The waitress took our order shortly after we were seated, great! Then over 45 minutes later my husband and I got our rolls. Well we were with another couple and we had ordered separately. I know they were aware of this because they had us write our names on the order sheets so they wouldn't get mixed up. So we didn't want to start eating yet since they didn't get their food yet. So we waited. And waited. And waited. 25 minutes later their rolls came out. By then we had shared our rolls with our friends because we were all starving. So it ended up working out okay. But come on! The place wasn't even packed. There were several empty tables. The weirdest part is that all the servers stand in a little group in the back of the restaurant and just watch everyone. I guess they stand clear of angry people wanting their food. Come on chefs. Step it up!
Like the others I will be grieving the loss of this restaurant for a very long time. Going to Kampai was like going home. It was all about the food and the wonderful people who served it. The food at Kampai was always the BEST. It was like the Japanese version of Cheers where everyone knew your name. Megan, EJ, EJ, and Yugi knew every member of my family by name. I was on a first name basis with many of the patrons who visited regularly and will miss all the good times. The oohing and ahhing when someone ordered grilled Amberjack head, shishito peppers, handmade gyoza or cured salmon that you couldn't get anywhere else in the valley. The superior qualify of the fish that was butchered in house. The precision of Japanese tradition that Yugi proudly passed on to his loyal apprentices. I understand that Yugi wanted to retire, and wish him well. I respect both EJs who quit because the new owners wanted to cut corners in every way using low quality, pre-butchered fish and prepackaged foods. Helloooooo new owners...we can tell the difference!!!! We won't be back to eat your nasty Americanized fast-food style food. On a good note...I found EJ at Hiro Sushi in Scottsdale! And I hear "mohawk" EJ is working at a sushi bar in Cave Creek.
Stopped by this place for lunch - because I remembered this place was decent last time I went there a few years ago... I was so disappointed with the quality of the food. I read some reviews after I came home and now I know why - under the new management. All my sashimi tasted so old and the sushi rice was way too much vinegar in it. The server was nice but the food was bad. I will not go back there ever again. Too sad because it used to be a good restaurant.
Awful restaurant! Filled with incompetent staff and terrible management. We've been to other Logan's locations in other states and always had a good experience. We will never go back to this location
Do not eat here! I only came in here because I wanted to watch the Seahawks game while waiting for my return flight. I was horrified with the service (the brunette waitress was absent, slow, and it took forever to cash out - which is absurd in an airport restaurant - everyone has somewhere to be)! The food was terrible, but I wasn't expecting too much. What was worse, were the PLASTIC UTENCILS. I am not tailgating - I don't want to eat with a plastic fork/knife and plastic plate at a restaurant, not to mention it is simply wasteful. Walk around to find another TV in the waiting areas that might be playing your game [shudder] - this place is awful.
Beware, Beware, Beware!!! 2 1/2 months ago I purchased 1500 sf of Bamboo flooring. I was told 4-6 week wait. 6 weeks later it arrives and after hauling it all home I discovered it was a totally different color than I had ordered. I contacted the store and was told they would look into it. 3 more weeks go by and the new order arrives. It is also the wrong color. At this time, I am told there are 3 different color codes and I received a blue dot instead of yellow dot. Obviously, the store did not even know their product line since they ordered a different product than I paid for Again, they say let us look for the proper color code. Several more days go by without any news. Again I call and explain that due to this extreme delay my contractors are about to walk off the job. Their attitudes were of indifference and blamed the warehouse on the east coast for not getting back to them. I asked why it was so difficult to find this product. I suggested it would be simple to just take a photo on a cell phone to confirm the color. They would not do that. I then called Customer Service back east and explained the situation. I was assured the problem would be resolved. 3 days later I'm told they don't have the color and can not get the color I paid for. I was told they would refund my money. Yea, that worked out well. I was told it would take another 4 to 6 weeks to get my money back. I explained I had paid in full over 60 days ago and my contractors were going to walk. I was told that since the check had cleared weeks ago they would have my check to me within a week. 2 weeks later I receive a check for $1300.00 instead of the $8700.00 I paid. Again I call and am told I will receive the balance in another week. 2 weeks have gone by and I still have not received my money. Does this sound like the type of company you want to do business with?
I've been going to Arriba for years and never really had a bad experience. It's my kid's favorite restaurant. I went in on July 4th and half way through my meal I noticed a cockroach on my plate. Laying right under my carnitas. I was pretty close to tears in the restaurant. I will never return to this location again. I may go to the Camelback location again after I get over the trauma. But this was one of the worst experiences of my life.
We went today, June 22, 2014 which is a Sunday at 1:00pm. We expected it to be busy at this time on a Sunday but it was pretty bare. The hostesses didn't seem to know what they were doing. One of them sat my family (my husband and our 4 year old son) at a table and then we never heard from anybody again. 15 minutes and not one person came to our table despite a couple (literally only two) servers looking our way and then walking away. We decided it wasn't worth it anymore and left. On our way out, we saw the manager up front with the hostesses and he didn't seem like he was doing much. Funny that he was up front with nobody to seat and not walking around in an almost empty restaurant to make sure that the tables that were there were being taken care of. The hostesses and the manager said, "Thanks for coming in!" without looking up at as. I glanced at all of them with a confused look and finally the girl that sat us looked right at me with an expression that said, "Wait. I sat them just 15 minutes ago...???" They need to get a better system going. Maybe have the hostess TELL the servers that they have people seated. Or maybe have the manager manage it all. Either way, I don't know what the food tastes like because we never got there.
Oh Maizie's, I've always had a love/hate relationship with you. My first visit to Maizie's had me hunting for their Inside Out cheeseburgers. I'd heard raves and praises. I was psyched. Meh. Nothing special. In fact, it was a bit of a disaster. The more I ate, the more I felt like a 5-year-old had invented this concept. It's not as good as it sounds. Believe me. The service was equally disappointing. After pleas from my staple dining companion, I went back for an afternoon lunch and cocktail. What a turnaround! Great Blackened Steak Salad. It paired nicely with a honey bourbon concoction. Packs a nice savory/sweet punch! Service still sucked, but I was willing to overlook it. Phoenix ambiance, snobby Scottsdale-like service. I went back several times for the salad and cocktail. It was on my dining rotation. Then, recently, we decided to grab takeout. Bad idea. The server on the other end of the phone sounded annoyed that we were calling! She barked that they weren't serving the salad any longer. Mmm, okkkay. Snap decisions led me to their regular burger, hoping that I wouldn't regret. I also was willing to forgive the crappy service. Maybe she was slammed? Arrive for pickup. Sure enough, slammed. Ok, ok. I'll let it go. Excited to enjoy my burger, I dive in immediately after arriving home. Meh. In fact, below meh. Delux, it was not. Floppy ciabatta bread, greasy burger, plain and underwhelming. In fact, I would've preferred my grandmother's burger. And believe me, my Salvadoran grandmother made HORRIBLE burgers. Maizies, unless I'm dining or drinking with a crowd and overruled, you won't be seeing me anytime soon.
I take my 2 boys there, age 22 months, and 3 years old. We have a membership, and go 2 or 3 times a month. The museum is great and a lot of fun, but unfortunately some of the staff is completely rude! Not, to mention, it is always so crowed the small kids get trampled.Almost every time we go, the staff yell at me or my children!! My children are not bad, or rowdy, the are just being kids. The climber is so high and looks very dangerous. My child talked me into taking him up, so I tried going up with my puse, and was told" No puses, you need to put it under the stairs." (where the sign says"not responsible for lost or stolen property.") Wish she would have told me before my child ran off ahead of me, because I was stuck yelling for him to come down! The employees should ask a little nicer, not with such a rude tone. They should put up a sign saying" no purses, or bags" Another time, they yell at them and say "don't run!!" They could say" walk please." The final straw was today when we went into the 3 and under room and were harassed by an employee Shereyl. She asked me and my friend and her 3 year old 3 times how old my son was and I said 3. She followed him around and yelled at him, everything he did!" My son wouldnt play because he was scared of her, we left and overheard her talking about us to 2 other staff members., saying he was not 3, and heard them talking rudely about us! We said we wanted to speak to a manager right away, and the manager came over being rude, and would only say " we can not have kids older than 3!" That is the last time we will go there, and its unfortunate because we bought a membership. :( Make sure if you go into the toddler room, you have a birth certificate for your children!! They need to have staff education on how to talk to customers, and children.
We used to love coming here, but last night was the last time we will ever go. We are not a fan of the new concept - noodles with Indian food - really? The chicken was rubbery and the naan was just slightly better than cardboard. From what I can tell, while waiting almost 30 minutes for our food, is that they have one good waitress, but unfortunately she was not our server.
The original owners from sorrento Italy do not own the place now. The prices and new menu may be cheaper, but the quality of their food has deteriorated, along with the service. The blonde server is the owners daughter and had to ask the cook in the back what beef carpacio is. It used to be on their menu. The garlic in the bolognase was too strong. The caprese had mozzarella that could have been bought at your local grocery store. It was not fresh, nor were the tomatoes. The new owners might have the recipes, but lack the basic knowledge of Italian cuisine and customer service. They are coasting on the reviews from the past owners.
I've gotten better haircuts at great clips for $20. the girl had no idea what she was doing, and took 3 1/2 hours to cut mine and my friend's hair. and our hair is short. i have a mohawk. could it be that fucking difficult? apparently it was, because i walked out of there with a very uneven, too-symmetrical, crap cut. the stylist lacked confidence and only after 3 hours of turtle-like speed cutting, did the instructor step in and finally finish my friend's hair. if you need a basic haircut, go here. this place is a glorified super cuts.
The Starbucks app shows that this location is open until 11pm and that is why I went out of my way to come with a friend here. Only to find out that it actually closed at 10:30 (according to the barista). As we walked up to the counter, the barista rudely barks at me "What do you want?" I was in shock. We quickly ordered our beverages and weren't even given an opportunity to order 1 of the 2 pastries out. Even if I had wanted to waste my breath and complain, no one seemed to care about anything else other than cleaning up. Very disappointing service coming from a Starbucks location.
5 stars for location! Woohoo! This is close by and convenient because it has a drive thru! That is about where the stars stop! I have been tolerating the crappy customer service because of the convenient drive thru but today I decided that it just isnt worth it anymore. The drive thru window opened and closed at least 5 times ...each time I could see my drink sitting there. It looked sad and I am pretty sure I heard my iced vanilla latte calling out to me on the 4th and 5th try. Finally a different person came to the window, no hello, no screw you....just a that'll be $4.86 (or whatever it was), I hand her the money, the window slams! It opens again and finally she hands me my sad drink...no words.....I take my drink....WOW! Never again! I will go out of my way to the friendly Starbucks at Bell and 75th even though it is not nearly as convenient! I am pretty sure "Starbucks" would be pissed if they saw you in action.
I like Walmart, but the management of this particular store is rock bottom! Take this morning for example. I called to make sure they open at 6 AM on Sunday as on the other days. After about 10 rings, a fellow answered & told me yes, they open at 6. I told him I needed to return something, & he said, "no problem". I drove 5 miles to arrive & find the Customer Service counter dark, & it took me about 10 minutes of looking & arguing with employees to get someone to accept my return. They scolded me in turn for not wanting to wait 45 minutes until 7 AM! I explained how I had called ahead (because I know how this store is!). I finally was able to make my return. My shopping list consisted of 5 pkgs. of college ruled notebook paper & 10 3x5 notepads. They were completely out of the notebook paper, & rather than, say, 5 to 8 of each notebook cover color (about 25 to 40 total as is usual stock at any Walmart), they had a total of THREE notebooks in the store for me to buy! Over at the exit to the MAIN DOORS THAT I CAME IN, customers were gathered trying to pry the doors open, but we were LOCKED IN! I went & complained, & was told to exit at the main doors all the way at the other end of the building! (I came in the doors that were now locked!) WHAT IF THERE HAD BEEN A FIRE OR OTHER EMERGENCY?? That's how it is at this Walmart. They really need to get rid of the manager here & get someone who knows what they're doing!
DON'T GO TO THIS STORE FOR FOOD, YOU MAY DIE FROM EXPIRED PRODUCTS Negative 100 stars, I must learn to read reviews for any establishment I go into from this point on, this was the worse place I have ever been. Picked up a bag of Snyder's pretzel pieces and they were expired in June 2013, January 2014... so gross, I asked to see a manager to report it, took 15 minutes and he didn't seemed to concerned about it even when I told him it is against the law to sell expired food. Went back to find out all the Snyder's pretzel products were excited in October 2013 so I let him know that said he was having someone take them off the shelves, stayed there about 12 minutes noone took them off, gonna go by there in a few days and see is they are, well be reporting them to the proper authorities about this... The rest of the store is a chaotic mess I just left in disgust... .
Nasty, nasty...dirty. Dim Sum happy hour was nothing to write about. The food set me back to not set in their doors again.
The law states a ticket giving one access to a multi-theater building; once entering the theater or theaters a singular ticket allows access to multiple attendances of venues presented. My date and I entered a theater not designated on our ticket and even though we were in a totally empty venue management asked us to leave the building because the time and movie title designation were not in concert too what was printed on the ticket. If a business is so greedy to foolishly make lifetime enemies of its customers; such folly could only emanate from the depths of ignorance and darkness. Ron P
If you like being attacked by pushy, overbearing sales women, and paying high prices for average quality clothing, then this store is for you. The moment I entered the store I had a sales woman breathing down my back and shifting my attention away from the sales racks and towards the high end section of the store (this happened on the 3 occasions I was at the store). It's way to obvious that these people work on commission. Regardless, I found a great pair of jeans I was very much in love with and l left the store happy. I paid $125 for these jeans, after one wear they began to tear and a rivet fell off the back pocket. I went into the store to exchange them 4 days after I purchased them and the manager was very condescending and rude about my return, she tried her best to convince me that the quality of the jeans was my fault. Once again I was guided by the sales people to the clothes they think I should be wearing despite what I am telling them. Frustrated with the way I am being treated I hurry to find something so I can get out of the store. i end up very unsatisfied with my purchase. I would not recommend this store, shop online if you have to just dont shop here.
Went to DM a few weeks ago with my mom. I was kinda of excited...I mean...a WHOLE STORE dedicated to the preggos!?! Where can you go wrong? I'll tell you where you can go wrong....if you're a plus size preggo. Forget it. For being a plus size gal, I'm very proportionate. And all of my weight has shifted. Where there wasn't much of a tummy before with a small waist....HELLO BABY BUMP! This stores Plus Size section is a joke. Here's a rack about 5ft long, in total, for you to find clothes from. And forget about them being cute. I should have known MY clothes selection would be anorexic especially seeing the location - N. Scottsdale(haha...that was kinda funny...anorexic...n.scottsdale....teehee). Anywho. Can you say - Catering to the demographics?? All together now.... The only positive thing to come about was Edamame Spa - The spa place tucked in the corner. Found out lots of information on what to use on my skin and about getting prenatal massages.
I just moved from SF to Scottsdale and went to this gym to check it out. I met with a membership person by the name of khieser and all his only motive was to sell me a membership that day. He was a used car sales person working in a gym. I asked him to see if I could try the gym for a couple of days and he said no they don't do that. He lied... Later I checked on there website and they offer a 7 day free pass. Anyways horrible customer service.
Horrible... I ordered car side to go because I was in a hurry and thought it would be a good way to save time. I placed my order with a server who didn't know anything about the menu or lunch specials. I was told my order would be ready at 1:30 and asked what type of vehicle I drive. Pulled up in the car side spot around 1:40 and continued to sit in my car and wait another 8 minutes. Finally walked in the side door to a server who was standing there talking on the phone. He acknowledged me while still on the phone and I told him I was picking up an order to go. He looked at a few tickets and didn't bother to check the bag that was sitting right in front of him, said it would be a few minutes and then moved to another station to get on a personal phone call. Waiting another couple of minutes another server came out bringing drinks and asked what I needed. Finally he was able to get me my food that was sitting at the station the whole time. I let him know I was out there waiting 10 minutes and that there was another car there waiting too. This is just ridiculous whats the point of car side. I may be able to understand if it was busy but the place was dead and servers seem to care more about their personal phone calls then their customers agenda.
If I could go negative, I would and I am usually a big fan of Applebee's! Had the same experience with the gift card fiasco as someone else reviewing and it didn't impress me. Called in car side yesterday and showed up at time they said. Sat in my car with another customer beside me for over 5 mins, no one came out. I called the store and they sent someone out to get my name and order!! Um, didn't you get all that PLUS make n color when I ordered?!? He had to then go back in to get it. I was livid by now so I just gave him the cash and drove off. Never again will I go to this one. I will drive outta my way next time...
Not a fan. The staff was friendly but the decor, sushi, and atmosphere were bland... They don't have prices on their menu which is smart because this way they are able to overcharge you for their mediocre sushi rolls. I won't be coming here again.
I like eating here for the soup. But this time the service was horrible. They kept my daughter waiting for her chicken tenders, REALLY??? Our food was cold by the time she got her food, then they only gave us a discount.
Well as I predicted in my first review for this place, it did not last. Today I stopped by Li's bowl next door and Shakey Jakes was closed, good news is that there was some people looking at the place so maybe they'll reopen and create a better joint then the other owner. BBQ should have bold flavor, and that flavor should come from the meat, not the sauce that you might get lucky enough to find meat swimming in. I'd be glad to be an official taste tester before a possable reopening. Shakey Jakes didn't close becasue people didn't want BBQ, shakey Jakes closed because they didn't deliver in the taste catagory.
I asked for two chicken pupusas and the ones I got had absolutely zero chicken, only cheese. I told the waitress about this and the cook explained that the chicken pupusas do have chicken but it is mixed in with the cheese. All I wanted was to get chicken pupusas with chicken in it. First they said that they would give me two chicken pupusas, but then the waitress came to our table and told me that the owner had told her to give me only one pupusa and give me a ten percent off on my bill. Are you kidding me? Is the owner that cheap to not want to give me an extra pupusa? Or does she not understand that it costs her more to give me the ten percent off than to give me a pupusa and that she'll be losing a customer for ever? I'm not broke so I didn't care about the ten percent off the bill. Maybe the owner thought that was the right thing to do, but all I was asking for was that my pupusas have some chicken in them. Their pupusas are decent, but don't get the chicken pupusas 'cause they don't have any chicken in them. As for me, I cannot support a business owned by someone that is so cheap and couldn't care less about customers. This place is officially on my "never again" list.
Back in March, I Ordered to go. I ordered the Value Pac #5 that comes with 8 pcs. (2 each) + 6 Rolls, Fries or Rice and a large coleslaw. Instead of 8 pcs (2each) I received 9 pieces, 1 breast, 2 wings, 3 legs, 3 thighs, the rolls were hard on the outside, the coleslaw was too sweet, the rice was good. The wings were huge, makes me think they purchase factory farm chickens instead of local farm chickens. The coating of the chicken tasted like it had been under the hot lamp for hours. The Cajun flavor itself was good however the coating was like a separate entity to the chicken. I would not go there again.
Had a taxi scheduled for 6:30 am. The car was booked and confirmed through the TaxiMagic application on the iPhone the day before. Long story short, they never showed and when I called them they weren't helpful. Cheers to almost missing my flight.
Crappiest taxi service ever! Called to confirm our taxi the night before & the next morning all of a sudden there wasn't a taxi available. We called @ 545 after our taxi they would be right out, 45 minutes later vip called & said they couldnt find anyone to take us. finally 90 minutes later vip shows up. we missed our flight and headed to take flight 4 hours later & 300 to change our flight. Crappiest taxi service I've ever had.
Love Starubucks coffee but hate this location. Always extremely busy and the people working at this particular one are always so rude and short with customers. Will go out of my way to go to another Starbucks that offers a more pleasant experience.
You can hear this owner talking karma to anyone who will listen. Well, I've got karma for you: Revo Burrito, over by Zen 32. They seemed to have stolen the whole Two Hippies menu, right down to the flavored lemonades but-and get this-Revo Burrito had the inisght to include AIR CONDITIONING! Why would Two Hippies expect business to grow when its 115 degrees out? Answer: it didn't and now they've got some real competition. And I saw American Burrito gonna open up on 7th Ave. Two Hippies was overrated to begin with and now they've gotta slug it out with people doing the same thing, the same menu...only better! Stay away from this dump.
Extremely bad experience!!! Made a reservation for two rooms online, when I arrived at the hotel i was told my reservation was for only one room blah blah. I was eventually given two rooms but charged for THREE!!! Called the hotel to get my money reimbursed and no one was ever available to take my calls, I was always sent to voicemail and no one ever returned my calls. Will not stay here again. Worst experience ever, i have had better experiences with cheaper hotels. To top it off I was over charged for room service as well, my bill was for $66 and was charged $88 I dont know if they gave themselves extra tip or what with they will steal your money here!!!
This place has gone way downhill. The sushi smelled terrible. No wonder it is empty in here now.
Another shitty over "hyped" establishment. My quesadilla had shredded lettuce that was shredded so fine it resembled a green blob. By the way, iceberg lettuce fucking sucks. It tastes like hell, is primarily water, is cheap as shit, and has no nutritional value. The diced tomatoes were from a can. Salsa was bogus & chips were not home made. The bean & chz. burrito was deflated as an old tire & tasted like one. It was all tortilla.... In a nutshell, this is nothing but bar food. Nothing authentic here. F. this place.
I do not understand why people are saying this is the best carne asada they've ever had.This place is really horrible! It was like having my old high school cafeteria making me tacos. Absolutely no flavor in the meat! No flavor in condiments on taco or taco shell, or sauce. The amount of meat was very small. The chips and salsa was like it was from taco bell or something. The only flavorful thing I had there was the mexican bottled coke that was way overpriced, $3! Even the ambiance was low grade. Uncomfortable chairs and no personality. I am actually angry about this place getting good reviews. It is soooo easy to take beef, marinate it and grill it up and make it delicious. Maybe the people who think this is the best carne asada should go to the closest roach coach and get a real carne asada taco, it would be cheaper and 100 times better.
I've been here 6 or 7 times and at first fell in love with their carne asada burrito. This love was short lived as every time I take my first bite the wrap completely apart due to the pico sauce water. Here's where the 1 star comes in. Service leaves a LOTTT to be desired. EVERY time I've ordered the same thing, and every time it takes 1/2 hour on average for the burrito to reach my table. There are 2 people eating inside the restaurant and 1 in the patio area - it shouldn't take this long. My coworker always gets a bean burrito with no cheese and EVERY time they've messed up the order and had to re-make it leaving us eating at different times. 3 weeks ago we were eating here and the Sheriff's department shut it down because of illegal immigration. Took 2 weeks for them to open up shop again. Unfortunately this has had a worse effect on the service (at least it seems as though this is the case) because not only did my burrito come out 1/2 hour later, but as I finally got up the courage to complain, the manager gave us all kinds of excuses and no apologies. I guess I'd still eat their food if it was take out but other than that, I don't think I'll be coming back to America's taco shop anymore. Good Luck guys!!
The movers did a fairly good job, but did dent a piece of furniture and caused damage to the new frame on the front door. I referred my parents to use your services two weeks later; mainly due to the pricing I received. They were thinking of going to another company; as they were not impressed with my move. However, I persuaded them. On the day of their move, I found out they were not offered the same pricing I received. I asked that my pricing be honored due to the fact that I referred them and it was on the same day of the week and a similar move. The owner was very rude. The mover had him on speaker phone and he was unprofessional. The mover asked again about honoring the pricing due to being disconnected the first time and he replied in an elevated and abrupt tone of voice "I already told her NO!!" I will never utilize their services or refer anyone again.
I had been to this location once before, liked the concept, and decided to bring a friend to try it out yesterday. Let's start off with what I liked: The Honeydew seasonal soda was refreshing and not too sweet. The Shiitake and Tofu Lettuce cups had good flavor and texture, despite being extremely messy. Now for the rest of our experience: Firstly I should make it clear that I am not picky. If I am hungry, I will eat anything. We ordered the Sea Bass Fish Tacos and the "TLT"(tempeh bacon BLT) sandwich to split. The tacos were not good. The fish was soggy and had almost no texture or flavor. So much so that myself and my friend, though we arrived very hungry, didn't even attempt to finish them. The sandwich was ok, and the sweet potato mash that came on the side was completely undercooked, still crunchy. Overall, a "meh" meal. I'm not one to penny pinch when it comes to a meal. But to pay $15 for an entree that I didn't even want to finish sucked. Now on to the service. I get it, TFK is a busy place. Being in the service industry myself, I am generally very understanding and patient. Our server never even refilled our waters, or asked if we might want another soda (I did). She was also way too touchy-feely. After we finally received our check, I requested that she take my part out of two 20s, and put the other half on my friends card. Ten minutes later, she arrived to tell me that she was very busy and it " wasn't worth it to her to give me change for the second twenty", and that I could just keep the tip. Now I don't know if she made the assumption that my tip wouldn't be worth her time because of my age, apparel, what have you. But it felt like a huge slap in the face, considering that I was going to tip her my normal 40% despite getting shoddy service and not enjoying my meal. I've never been treated like that, and I would never treat someone that way. It's been made very clear to me by that server that True Foods Kitchen doesn't need my business. So guys, you got your wish. I won't ever be back and I'll make sure to let my friends know why.
I can think of no reason to go back here other than proximity to downtown.
I have really loved z pizza in the past, but the last two times I have been quoted a delivery time and it has taken twice as long, over an hour and a half both times. The first time I thought it was a fluke so I gave it another chance and the same thing happened. We will be eating delivery pizza from pizza a metro from now on. Same quality pizza and much better customer service.
ALERT ALERT!!! the food here has made me sick with food poisoning twice now. the second time 06/30/14 i had to go to the st josephs emergency room. bad creepy attitude from the night employee courtney or casey. i believe she tampered with my food. the manager dave is an absolute disgusting human being. noone willingly apologized, very reluctant to give refund. i do not recommend to anyone!!!! - Registered Nurse
Meh is the best way to describe this place. I wish I could say better - but I just can't. The food was good - slightly above average. I do not eat pork but my friends said the proscuitto was good. The real disappointment was the service. We had gone for a friend's birthday and my first impression of the place was "wow, this is cool". That was quickly replaced with total and utter disappointment. The first problem was when I requested the server's reccomendation for a drink - he said the Rose is good. I ordered a carafe, it was brought to the table and served (without them pouring a bit for my approval). One sip and I knew it was terrible. No wonder they didn't let me taste it first. I asked the server if I could order a Kir Royale because I was quite disappointed with the wine. He told me that I could, however they could not remove the Rose from my bill since it had been poured at the table. Really? You're going to reccomend a wine to me, not afford me the opportunity to try it and tell me you won't take it back when it's atrocious? Sounds like a great way to sell terrible wine. The real kicker was when one of my other friends ordered another bottle of the beer he was already drinking. Instead of being presented with the beer he asked for, the server brought a Moretti. My friend pointed out that it was the wrong beer and the server tried to argue with him about what he had asked for before making up some excuse and taking the beer away. Seriously, who does that? I probably would have given this place three and a half stars had the service not been so terrible. Unfortunately it was and the food was not good enough to make up for it. We will not be returning.
Very Very pricey and very average food. Do NOT order the lobster bisque. It was the worst ever. My steak was ok but for $41 I expected it to be really good. Twice baked potato was only baked 1-1/2. Carrot cake was ok but have had better. Don't waste your money.
I guess I am not in the Trailhead club. Walking into a new place can sometimes be a bit awkward. Where to go, where to stand, seat yourself or not, these things are not always evident. So I walk into the Trailhead Cafe, not knowing what to expect. All I know is that it marries my two favorite things: Bicycles and Food. It is Sunday morning and a breakfast sandwich soundas great. Ok Cut to the chase. I actually never ate at this cafe. I could not get sanyone to greet me, let alone take an order. I walked in slowly - trying to get a bearing on this new joint. I took the universal stance infront of the food counter, which suggest I might want to order something. A young man after a few minutes showed up behind the counter, made eye contact and did not say a single word to me. Ok - so he was busy, I never want to be that guy. He proceeds to chat with a couple of friends. I figured I would look at some of the kool bikes and let him finish. After a poilite trip around the shop (on my part), I went again to the counter and took that universal pose of I am ready to order now. 2 or 3 people walk past me, and not a word. I figured, I was not part of the Trailhead scene and sheepishly made my way for the exit. 15 minutes wasted and still no food or drink. Now - I know that this must be an anomalie as fellow yelpers like this joint. I gotta say that this put a bad taste in my mouth (really no taste at all). I will probably go back and give it a try. I hope I have a better experience. This definately falls under the category of a hasty response, but hey businesses go down all the time because of this type of negligent service. It is a competitve market out there and every guest is huge. Hope my second try, whenever that may be, goes a bit better. A
This Circle K is awful. I was out for a walk in my neighborhood. I am a yuppie--white, ivy leaguer, graduate school background, high income, etc.--and I briefly paused outside the door of the Circle K to open a lemonade and have a taste prior to beginning my walk home. Though I'd been standing there about 30 seconds, some fat, bald security guard sauntered over and said that I was not allowed 'to loiter there' on the property. You don't need to be a lawyer to recognize that having completed a sale with Circle K and not staying beyond the standard time of consumption of the item, this was not loitering. In the same intervention, Fat Boy also asked a nearby homeless that he too should leave the Circle K. Clearly, that was appropriate because this man was not a customer. If Fat Boy is the only line of civilization that stands between the gentrifying yuppies of downtown Phoenix, and the vagrant garbage that stream outward from their nest at the Westward Ho, I weep for the future of our city.
My wife and I have had 3 packages ordered in the last week, and ALL 3 packages from Fed Ex were not delivered on time. The first package was labled "undeliverable" due to "customer not home. Notice left" We were home all day and our door was open (we have a screen door.) No one ever showed up and there certainly was no notice. They delivered it the next day. The second package was the same thing, so I called the Fed Ex location and had a heated discussion with them. We live in a 2 block apartment complex and told them if the driver has THAT hard of a time finding our apartment to park at the office and ask where our apartment is. The third package was never even attempted to be delivered as far as I can see on the tracking information, it was friggin' delivered to the post office to let them deliver it. Fed ex is a joke. In the same week, we had shipments from UPS, BOTH came on the expected delivery day with NO issues whatsoever. If UPS can do it, why can't Fed Ex? WTF?
I would give less stars...joyce here is such a bitch!!! She is the epitome of crappy customer service.... Lets start government cuts with firing her!!! She has a very bad attitude but hey I guess it's inline with government employees...seems like they have an attitude where they feel like they have nothing to lose by giving terrible customer service...
They fucked it up...who ever did what ever and what ever it was it was wrong.
WTF happened to Chili's? I used to frequent the one on Mill Ave for lunch because they were fast and the food was usually pretty decent. Don't get me wrong, I'm not talking gourmet or healthy, but it at least tasted decent. We went to this location for dinner the other night and it was absolutely horrible. The service was incredibly slow, we ordered and it took over an hour and a game of chase with our waitress to finally get our food. We complained to her about the wait and she offered no apology. When we finally did get our food it was cold.. Not luke warm, but cold. In addition to that, the famous Southwestern Eggrolls were a soggy mess. I rarely complain to a manager but this situation warranted a big complaint. The manager was nice and gave us 20% off the bill and a free gross dessert to go. We ended up pitching it in the trash, it was completely inedible. Chili's you have officially made the Blacklist.
(Sigh) people of Arizona, why do you continue to annoy me with your shitty and illegal parking jobs? It was 1:30pm. I thought since it was after the "peak" lunch hour I would be safe. All I wanted to do was get a tuna sandwich TO GO and I ended up being nearly blocked into that tiny, narrow parking lot due to all you old fogies plowing into any space you can because you had a hankerin' for some chippers. While there I witnessed a car illegally parked in the handicapped parking space, one parked in the "to-go" parking spot (obviously NOT getting to-go) and some asshole next to me who made the most comically bad attempt at parking I have ever seen (I took pictures, see my profile). I waited in the long line, finally got my sandwich and decided to eat outside so I could see what the idiot looked like. Well the person was either as old as Arizona and still trying to chew their food or an employee. I I got tired of waiting and was finally able to leave. And they put tomatoes on my sandwich after I told them not to! So moral of the story is; avoid this location anytime around lunch. And if you see an 80's era Mercedes Benz station wagon you have my permission to piss in the gas tank.
Nasty beef lo main #nasty egg rolls taste like theres curry and something else....oh no meat when we came
My gawd, have I been so blind?! Every morning I have a shot of espresso at home from my Miele (CVA 4070 Coffee System) with beans from Cafe Cortez. Each shot is velvety smooth with hints of smokiness and chocolate. This is probably one of finest shots of espresso just for me, every morning, except for... Friday. I stay out at my bffs house way out in Surprise once a week to visit her and her bf. So on my way in to work I sometimes stop by Starbucks for a Friday morning booster. So this morning I ordered a single shot of espresso and nearly choked. Simply horrible, its like a scorched burnt coffee taste that's so bitter while maintaining a weird sourness. My gawd this stuff is pure shit. I cant believe it, after all these years I finally see the light. Starbucks coffee for me is utter crap. I pitched it in the garbage and have sworn off Starbucks. The single star is for the wonderfully cute and perky "barista"
Was looking forward to a place that specializes in burgers, this is my it. There was less than 20 people there and it took 45 minutes to get fried burgers. They asked us how we wanted our burger. We ordered medium, they all came out over cooked, dry and not even warm. The waitress wasnt very helpful. I'm pretty open to place, but I doubt I will give this one another try. The manager was nice and apologetic. This is also "ourgang saloon and grill", they don't own a grill.
Stopped in for the lunch special. I was going to get two slices and a drink, but one slice looked sufficient, so I went with that. All the pizzas look like cheese pizza because the pepperoni and the sausage are buried miles below the cheese. You practically need a magnifying glass to see there's pepperoni in it. Here's where the story ends: One bite, and the cheese/pepperoni came off all at once like a wet blanket, leaving only the tomato-sauce covered crust remaining. Um... okay.... so, buh-bye to that whole slice of pepperoni as I bought it and hello to a remaining piece of dough covered in tomato sauce. Yummy if I had a hangover and didn't care. Not so yummy if all I wanted was just a slice of pepperoni pizza. Is it too much to expect that cheese and pepperoni to remain on that slice of pizza until, oh, I don't know, I'm done eating it? Shouldn't some cheese and pepperoni remain on that slice for a second bite, and third bite, and a fourth bite, and a fifth bite, until I'm done eating it? Taste-wise? Well, not sure how accurate my assessment would be as I had to chew it all up all at one so I didn't spit it out and then re-eat it (because that would be gross.) But I did taste a lot of cheese. And I could tell there was some garlic in it. Sorry I can't describe the taste with any more accuracy than that. Peter Piper Pizza is better than this. Heck, even a frozen pizza is better than this. If I ever return, I will be sure to bring a knife and fork to be sure I don't lose that slice on the first bite.
Sorry for the long review, but this has to be known.... If I could have given this location a negative score, I would have! I live close by but wanted to call in the order & go pick it up. This would have been my 1st time eating/ordering at Rosatis. I called around 6pm on a Sunday. The phone rang about 3-4 times then went into a instant hold recording. ( talking about their great service... yeah right) After about 5 minutes on hold & no one picking up to say ill be right with you, i of course started to wonder what was going on. My husband picked up his cell & called the same number to see if maybe my call was lost in que or something. Nope same thing, 5 min of hold on his phone, meanwhile 10 min on mine. At this point i decided to just go straight to the location, but decided to stay on the phone to see if somene would pick up. By the time i got to the store, my phone had read 23 minutes on HOLD!! Are you serious?! I walked into the store & immediately asked for a manager. This is the most appaling part to me... The guy was already at the counter & said im the manager how can i help you. I proceeded to show him my phone & said that ive been on hold this entire time trying to get through. He saw the 23 min & heard it, because i then put it on speaker. He acted so dumbfounded. He said i dont know how that can happen? Meanwhile one of the servers came up to the counter & said in her 17 yr old voice, i dont know how thats possible. The phone should hang up after 5 min of holding. (Thats not a good thing either rosatis) I tell them this is my 1st time here & I cant believe this is how the establshment is run. The server ( not the manager) is now "handling the situation" while the manager just stands there. She is now giving me attiude & telling me that it was just really busy & i just missed it. Look at this she says, kind of gesturing with her hands to look at the mess on the counter. I said im sorry, but thats not really my concern. I asked why no one could pick up the phone to say, hey were really busy but ill be with you in a few minutes? Her response was that the phone goes into a que & your call gets picked up in the order it comes in. Ok i say, but 23 minutes?? Finally the girl with purple hair who is supposed to be answering the phone ( who by the way hasnt said a thing) starts hitting buttons to see "where my call is" and BINGO! low & behold she picks up! Well all 3 of them looked shocked. I looked at the manager & he was like yeah sorry, I dont know how that happened but weve been really busy. I said im sorry but thats none of my concern, wating for some sort of apology or some effort to make the situation right. The server says well mam, what do you want? I said nothing now! She said good then you can just leave, we dont need your percentage anyway! Holly Cow, really? Your telling an 8 month pregnant (with twins) woman to get out? Just LEAVE she says. I looked to the manager, like are you going to let this girl talk to me like this? He went right along with it. I asked her for her name & she just shrugged. I ask the manager for his name & he says in his cocky tone TONY. Almost like he was giving me some random name? who knows.... Bottom line is that this place has the- WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE & RESTAURANT MANAGEMENT !!!!!!! I understand its a pizza joint, but its a huge franchise & yes darling, while you may just be a little peon server, the owners of Rosatis rely on our business & our reviews. I have already put a call into the corporate office. This whole thing could have been avoided if they just would have apoligized, but instaed they kicked me out....
We've been to several stadiums and Camelback is a very nice one, but the organization of this facility is ridiculous. We had some bad traffic on the way there and arrived about 5 minutes after the first pitch, but it took the parking staff 45 minutes to park us. We didn't get in until the 4th inning! Their parking is always terrible. Be prepared to sit in a long line for about an hour after the game as well. Every other ballpark has figured out how to have multiple exits but this one. Poorly done Dodgers.
We have an issue with All Stars Sports Bar. Make that two. Firstly, just because you are one of the few liquor licensees within the airport, it doesn't give you permission to stock only the cruddiest of beers... Coors, Bud Light and Sam Adams. Oh please. Secondly, the Wendy's fast food next door serves equal or better food than All Stars, for half the price and twice the efficiency. So here's how I came to the above two conclusions... Sunday early evening at PHX. It has been a long week in AZ, and I desperately wanted a beer and dinner before getting on the plane. Just like when you're at any sports venue, I do expect to pay through the nose for that beer at the airport. But given my recent experiences, that beer does NOT have to be a cruddy mass commercial brand. Take note PHX - tiny little PDX serves local micro brew brands right at the gate. So does SFO. That is supporting local businesses and leaving your visitors with a wonderful last impression. Next, the food. My expectations were low. I'm totally cool with burgers, hot dogs and fries. But when the burger patty came out, it honestly looked like a fast food burger vs. something I'm paying $15 for. That didn't bode well given there were plenty of fast food options I could have gone with. The server was nice enough but not very efficient. She was holding my plastic silverware (oh yes, everything is served on plastic) WHILE talking to another customer. I was puzzled. Bottom line: DON'T EAT HERE. Grab a to-go from the fast food or sandwich places. If you must have a beer, then go ahead... it's more about the experience of chatting with fellow travelers vs. getting an interesting beer.
Yes, everyone else is right. The fish and chips are awful and I don't care about the rest of the menu if fish and chips is in your name, you better have good fish and chips. Whatever they serve is the exact opposite of what you are probably looking for. Got get some of the cheapest fish sticks you can find, dip them in ketchup and you'll be much happier than what comes out of this joint. What's even worse is I stopped at the ATM to get out cash so I could try this place out. Phoenix institution? Maybe once all those old people die this place will have the same fate.
I agree with the low ratings and negative comments. Some horrible change has happened to the menu and I will no longer eat at Pete's. I visited the 4121 N. 44th St. Phoenix location faithfully. Until I hear different, goodbye Pete's Fish and Chips. You will be spoken of in past tense because that's where you are, in the past. I am curious as to why there is a drastic change.
Came here for a girls' night with old friends, and basically couldn't do our catching up, because the music was so loud. The service was the worst I've ever experienced--it was like our entire table was under an Invisibility Cloak! It took an hour after we finished our appetizers (and long after our glasses were empty) before our server came back to take our orders, and then another hour before we had our food. Every drink refill happened at least 20 minutes after glasses were empty. And can we talk about the ONE unisex restroom? You walk in and see a urinal next to the sink, and then a toilet. You turn to close the door and realize that it is frosted glass--i.e. not completely opaque. I.don't.think.so. Lastly, what is up with 60% of the menu items involving goat cheese? Do you get a bulk deal or something? I was hard pressed to find a dish to order that did not contain goat cheese. Also, fair warning: the parking situation, even with valets, is dire. I would absolutely not go to this restaurant again. The food and the ambiance just couldn't outweigh how bad the service was and how grossed out I was by the bathroom.
The seets are waaaay too smashed together. $125 pet fee is rape. My dog is smaller than my purse. They sure aren't charging me that to carry on my purse!
These guys are just assholes. I was forced to throw away Cologne, moisturizer, hair product and a couple other things because I didn't have a plastic bag to put them in. The grooming kit I've traveled with for the last four years (and never had an issue with) apparently isn't good enough for Delta. Even US Airways let me travel with my grooming kit, and they are Satan's airline. Delta: if you do anything worse than US Air, you're hitting an all time low. They're also slow through security (wasting people's money takes time) and generally unfriendly. They are really the whole package. This shit is why people hate flying. Eff you Delta, never again.
My girlfriend and I have tried Luci's many times. Like dozens, because we live close by and it would be so cool to have this place be good. If you like good coffee skip it. A couple of time they sold us regular coffees and were actually out and we had to wait for them to brew more. One time we tried the baked goods and they tasted like they were sitting in that case for weeks! So nasty. Most recently we tried the breakfast we tried the buckwheat pancakes and were charged a dollar for 4 extra blueberries. I tried a cappuccino and the foam was so thick I had to scope it out into the garbage can. The first 4 times we went the staff was rude, un-attentive and very unorganized. The staff seemed to be nicer this time but still unorganized. In the end, too expensive for such a sub par experience. Too bad so sad.
Welllll, I had BIG expectations from this place! First off, any place with HEALTHY in their name is pretty much screaming at me to stop in. I had added Luci's Healthy Marketplace to my Instagram a while back, not sure how. Probably stumbled upon a picture of something that looked extremely tasty, followed by the name "healthy" and I'm there!!! So my first impression...I was handed my take out bag with clear, finger marks of grease on the outside, (which I will be posting a picture of!) Having taken a few nutrition classes, the term "vegetarian" "vegan" etc does NOT necessarily make it healthy! I understand organic and fresh local produce and can definitely appreciate that in my meal choice! I tasted just that in the vegetables although I was disappointed with what I ordered :/ I ordered the Veg Out Sammie. Usually, I see a long list of veggies and I'm all about it. Well that's basically what I ended up with. Raw veggies between 2 pieces of multigrain bread with a little bit of vegan mayo. No seasoning, spices, no sauce= NO FLAVOR! OK, I take that back...the roasted prepped was very flavorful! Haha, no skill for that! Just not impressed. When I'm paying about $10 for a sandwich i would expect something special about it. I have no limitation to my diet...not diabetic, no food allergies, not vegetarian. Therefore, I feel like I may as well have ordered something full of cheese and sauce and fat so there was flavor because I'm left completely dissatisfied! I enjoyed my dessert, a very, moist, salted dark chocolate caramel cookie (which came from an outsource!) So, what's for lunch?!
Be clear that when you drop in to a class here you are an interloper. Do not expect the instructor to make any accomodations to your needs. For example, if you find the cut-rate muzak played in the class to be at too high a volume, then if you ask that it be lowered, you will be told " Oh yes, I play my music very loud. Some like it, some hate it." Get over it, stranger, is the subtext.
My husband has been a patient at this practice for several years with very good results. We have no complaints with the doctor that he has been seeing but it seems that there is a terrible communication problem with the office staff, particularly the MA. It is almost impossible to talk to someone in the office via the telephone and even tho they offer several services via email, we have found that they apparently ignore those. He takes several different medications and had all renewed on his last visit. Because we are retired and on a limited income he has these filled at the pharmacy that is most economical. The prescriptions were to go to two different pharmacies which the doctor was aware of. When the MA called them in, she called all in to the same pharmacy which caused a major problem and ended up costing eight times as much for one prescription. It took three days and several trips to the pharmacy to finally get them filled. When he was in the office he had a swollen foot and the doctor suggested an xray which he refused at the time. Due to the swelling not going down in a week, he sent an email to the MA to request a referral for an xray.....five days later she still had not called back so he went to the office. He did get his referral and went the same day for the xray. The lab said they would have it read and have the results back to the doctors office either that day or the following working day. Those days have passed, the foot is still swollen and another email requesting the results has gone with no response. Obviously if you have a problem that needs attention anytime in the near future you had better go elsewhere.
This is being filtered for some reason that I do not understand, but it is 100% true and accurate. I truely have never been treated so rudely in my life, and by the owner herself. Obviously coupons bother the new ownership. I had a fundraiser coupon, which I had to pay for, for a buy 1 get 1 free up to 5.99 value. My wife, son, and I ordered 3 pitas, all valued at about 6.75. We were told we couldnt order these, we had to chose from the 3 out of about 15 choices on the menu that were under 5.99. When we explained we would pay the difference to get what we wanted, we were told with a major smart ass attitude that we needed to "read" the coupon, it clearly states we must order something 5.99 or less. Again I asked if we could pay the .75 difference and order our $15 dollars worth of food, she explained that she was the owner, and she would not allow me to get what I wanted and chose to let us leave instead. She laughed with the other employee as I stood outside. 75 cents to lose a customer for life, and believe me, this is the first of the bad reviews and the tell a friend campaign I will be on from now on. Great business decision. I went to Greek Pita across the way in Norterra and had a great meal with excellent service and happy, not nasty, people.
shitty! shitty! place!! don't waste your money here. it is worse than motes 6. rooms smell and sheets are dirty and who knows maybe bugs. i wasted my money!
I have been to 4 of the Ah-so restaurants in town and I have never seen one with all the NFL helmets on display. Just seems wierd to have the helmets on display at an Asian sushi restaurant, it doesnt fit, anyway I always sit at the teppin table and get steak and shrimp and I should have stuck to that routine. This time I was in the mood for sushi and so I ordered the shrimp tampura roll and a spicy tuna roll. The shrimp roll was ok not my favorite. The spicy tuna roll was no good at all. The tuna was bad and should have never been served.. This has to be the worst roll I have ever had. I wanted a roll with crab and they do not have real crab at all. I dont mind paying extrea for it but to not have it at all is BS. My friend had the Egg Noddle with shrimp bowl. The bowl they serve it in is rediculous. It is huge and just annoying to eat out of. My friend took just a few bites and sent it back. It took about 15 min from the time I ate the tuna roll and payed the bill and got into my car. By this time my stomache was a mess and needless to say it ruined my Friday night. I spent most of it in the restroom every 15 min for a few hours. This place is no good and I will not be back.
food sucked, Hot food cold, sushi was not that great. Service was totally horrible. basically a sports bar, I have been here 3 times, the last time, we just ordered shushi to go, which was totally underheard of, based on how the servers acted. Seems like a ton of middle school girls work here, girls at front dest sat me down in waiting area, but then not 5 minutes later, asked why I was sitting there.. I went to pay for food at the bar, because it was to go, but then asked to leave a tip?... I didnt. The AHSO I would go to is on bell and roughly 62nd Ave.. They great you with a smile, food is amazing, sushi is the best, excellent atmosphere.
Store # 9297 Fact; no shopping carts in the store from Oct 25th, 2013 to this present day of Dec 7th, 2013. I have complained and complained. No positive results. The store manager and his staff are very sweet people. They have asked the corporate suits for shopping carts to be allocated for this store since the old set was stolen. The corporate executives are dragging their heels on this. Corporate greed at its finest. 45 days and no shopping carts! So, here I am yelping about it. I will call their 800# customer care line and pledge not to shop at CVS with my rewards membership until this problem is rectified.
This is the worst pizza I've ever had. We had our children with us, so we kept it safe with a large cheese pizza and the wedge salad. Let me start with the salad. Wedge salad with bleu cheese and apple-wood smoked bacon. The ranch tasted like a gross bottled on the shelf kind of ranch. The bacon was chewy and soft and the bleu cheese was mediocre. I do have to say the large at $16 would be enough to feed at least 6 adults. As for the pizza, I know we didn't get any gourmet specialty pizzas or toppings but any place should be able to have an outstanding cheese pizza, I mean I thought this place since they are "gourmet" and all should be able to knock a cheese pizza out of the park!!! Was I ever wrong, the crust tasted bland, I mean it absolutely had NO FLAVOR at all. The sauce was sweet, some people like that, but I'm more of a savory pizza sauce type of gal. And the cheese... so disappointing! The cheese should've been amazing!! But it tasted like really, extremely, old Parmesan... the worst part of it, this 12" pizza cost $15.50 for just some plain ol' cheese on it. I would recommend Peter Piper Pizza over this place any day of the week.
I like healthy food and options are slim so I had high hopes for this place.. It had awful music on the outside patio , like bad loud elevator music. Also the food was crappy both appetizer and gluten free veggie pizza. I would have better frozen grocery store frozen pizza. So gross and way over prices. Will never come again.. Disgusting !
Went to Chuy's 2 days after the re-opening. New kitchen staff and cashiers. Service was awful, the cashier stated they were brand new, and it showed. The food was atrocious, over cooked and the salsa bar looked like it had been sitting there for hours without being restocked with fresh salsa. The place was dirty and the whole vibe was a downer. I've been going to that Chuy's for at least 4 years, but I doubt I will be back....
By far the rudest waitress I have ever had in my life! Up until today I was a fan of Gallo Blanco. I was excited to order the steak and eggs and when the obnoxiously rude waitress asked how I would like my eggs prepared I ordered them basted. She looked me in the eye and said "NO"! I couldn't believe how quickly and rudely she responded. I said what?? She said "NO!" I said why?? She said we don't have the stuff to make it that way. So I said okay I guess I will take them over easy. Im guessing that she didn't know what basted means. Instead of saying Im sorry, we aren't able to make them that way she just said NO! I asked to speak with the manager and he said it was no problem to make the eggs basted. At that point I could care less about the eggs, I was appalled at the service. There are too many great restaurants in that area to overlook the rude service. I won't be back. :(
I've been to Gallo and I enjoy their food. But if the wait is going to be longer than previously expected take the time to proactively update your waiting patrons. Host Staff = Fail...
Well we tried to come back..Went back this am for brunch. 8:15AM. NOT OPEN!!! So disappointed! Signs posted say open
Terrible service, rude manager and so-so food. Thought I was getting a great deal on a pizza and bottle of wine but no deal is worth the annoyance we encountered. Waited 30 minutes for my waitress to check on me and my order after delivering it and then never got the water I asked for. Had a couple of friends join us and she still didn't come back for awhile, even though they wanted to order food and drinks as well. Finally they got served. I'm in the service industry so I am very understanding when a waitress is slammed but this was in no way a terribly busy night. Waited a good 45 minutes for the check after we asked for it and it was wrong. Took another 20 minutes and an argument with the manager before we disgustedly threw down money and just left. Will NEVER go back.
Where do I start? The awkward entryway and therefore entrance and seating portion of dinner?? We get seated at one of the high tops near the door, and then NOTHING for about 15 min. We see another couple walk up and grab a couple menus for themselves. Then a waitress comes and asks us what we'd like to drink - 2 waters. But we were actually ready to order... should've grabbed the opportunity but we thought we'd see her more often now that we officially had a waitress. She drops off the waters and before the glass hits the table she's turned away and walking. We don't see her for another 15 min. We were debating whether we should just leave when she comes to see if we're ready to order with a halfhearted apology about being hung up somewhere out there. Whatever. We actually get our food shortly after that, the wait was way shorter than getting them the order in the first place. We got the grilled wings for an extra dollar which we thought would be healthier, but turns out they both fry and grill them so now you get charred and extra dry wings. Goody. The burger was decent, except they had pockets of super seasoned meat throughout. So disappointing! The fries were actually decent but I won't be going back for fries. Sorry.
Avoid! I flew in for a conference and was severely underwhelmed by my experience here. Decor: meh, old, dated, not really kept up well Room amenities: no coffee maker? Yes, they've got a tv and the room doesn't feature much else that feels modern Staff: first impression was the blonde front desk girl telling me how she wanted to leave her job. Then she proceeded to charge me incorrectly. Food: good. Setup: running far behind and unaware of the small details. They grasped the large ones, just not the small ones. Overall, I didn't like it. I've stayed at other flagship properties of this hotel group and found myself wondering where the supposed luxury was. I didn't see it at any point during my stay. You can do better.
You should have some type of back up payment form for when the iPod swiped does not work. I have plenty of money just now on both my debit and credit card account and was unable to purchase any if the products I wanted. This shop had officially lost a customer, I suggest going to simply posh. Better prices and MUCH friendlier with all the same clothes. The owner even buys specialty clothing items from Cali to sell exclusively in her store. Screw PLRG, go to Simply Posh on Glendale and 12th st!!!
I have been going to this Savers for a few years now but I won't be going anymore. They were never great to begin with but now they have gotten excessively greedy. Their prices are ridiculous. For example I saw a dirty old suede jacket for $99.99. There were crappy shoes for about $15.00. They are out of their minds.
If you look closely at the sign, you'll notice the price is for regular is only if you use cash. When you pull up to the pump there is a sign that states there's a credit or debit surcharge. This price makes this Shell station more expensive than the already overpriced Circle K just across the street. I expect the outdated credit/debit surcharge from Arco, or a small gas station, but not a Shell. You can save yourself a couple of dollars by getting off the highway before/after the tunnel at 7th Ave. Stations both north and south of the I-10 are cheaper on that street. The plus sides of this station is that there's a lot more pumps than at most stations in the downtown area. There's also a car wash. There is just a tiny little spot in the middle with a cashier and a few convenience items, but no real store presence. Maybe this Shell should build a store on the property, so it can increase profits by selling overpriced sodas and candy, and start charging less for gas.
WORST BUFFET EVER! The place was disgusting and dirty, I had a feeling we would regret this after we got seated to our filthy booth. The food was terrible, my boyfriend and I ended up getting food poisoning from eating at this "restaurant". We will never be going back there again.
Everything was a mess. The plates the salt and pepper shakers were all gross. The baked potato was covered in dirt then cooked. Great almost 30$ (for two) for nothing. I had to ask for a fork because there was none in there place. The inside is a huge mess. Ugh what a waste.
Soooooo gym expectations have flourished over the past few years and THIS LA Fitness is waaaay behind. I have been so MANY LA Fitnesses and it seems like they have either been recently updated or they are from 1991. This one is from 1985. I don't know that that is an actual fact but it just seems like it :) It is so hot in Arizona. The last thing you want to do it go work out where it is 90 degrees... but that's exactly what you'll get at this facility. Before you even begin your workout you will be sweating. It is a gym so I guess this is acceptable but there are some nasty smelling people and the moist, stagnant air really isn't helping anything. I will most likely continue to go to this location just because it is so close to mi casa but I wish I didn't have to :(
This place sucks...it could be a nice laundromat as laundromats go but unfortunately, they let 20 little kids run through the store pouring cherry flavored sugar straws in with your laundry, and not cleaning up the place..there is always one Mexican lady there who never speaks...I don't think she speaks English, but is never very helpful. I hate this laundromat with a passion they need to get some better help in here and have more control over the people that wash here. Plus that it is virtually in possible to get a hold of any one if you want to complain and no one has ever answered one of the comment cards I have left, most of the time they do not have them, I have been ripped off here had laundry ruined. Not worth it to go here.
This was the worst Panda Express I've ever had ! My sister warned me not to go here but me being the fat ass that I am, decided to go anyways. The fried rice wa clearly old or burned and the white rice was too clumpy to eat. They continue to mix old food with old food and had no fresh meat besides the orange chicken. And to top it off I PAID 8 dollars! Thumbs down, panda.
This was the 3rd time I used Northside (same tech every time). I was always very happy with them in the past. This time, we moved in to a house with very dirty carpet. The Tech up sold us on the "power scrubber" which was $160 and "guaranteed" that no spots would resurface. Spots came right back up in all of the rooms and near all baseboards was still dirty. When I called the gal on the phone tried to tell me that it was just the underside of the carpet coming through. This made absolutely no sense. I'm in design and buy carpet for a living. This carpet is in a 3 year old house to boot. The tech came back out, but wasn't very happy. I showed him all of the spots and dirty areas. He said again there was no way spots could come back up wit the "power scrubber". But, there they were! He proceeded to spend 2 minutes spraying a few areas with a water bottle and then left. The carpet is still dirty. I referred them to about 5 friends in the past and won't do it again. What a waste of money this was. Pretty disappointed. A company should not offer a guarantee if they don't plan to honor it.
We hired Benjamin Franklin to replace the entire plumbing system in our guest house and tie into the existing main line. Their initial quote was only about half of what they ultimately said they would need to finish the job (once they'd completed half the work). We paid the extra price and the job was done... we thought. Once the sub-floor was back in place, we asked about setting the tub and were told it would be approximately $500, despite the initial contract including setting the tub (before the price doubled). Rather than dispute it, we set the tub ourselves. The toilet flange was installed several inches too high, so they had to come back to resolve that before we could put the floor down. During the job, we provided blueprints of the kitchen layout with cabinet dimensions. We had the job drywalled and painted. When installing our cabinets, much to our disappointment, we found the kitchen sink pipes were in the wrong position. Benjamin Franklin said they would send someone out the following day to take care of that. The first tech they sent only looked at the job to consider what needed to be done, and said they would send someone else the day after. The next day, the tech came to move the pipes. He cut a large hole in the finished wall and made the corrections. When I got home from work, I found that the tech had left the large hole in the wall for us to repair at our own cost. We have incurred several delays and extra costs in our project as a result of the poor work that was done by this company. I strongly recommend that customers consider other options rather than hiring Benjamin Franklin.
This pharmacy charges at least twice as much as other compounding pharmacies. If a mistake is made that they were involved in they do not own it and do not do any type of refund or compromise. buyer beware.
I would give it no stars if it was an option. Saw a roach on the wall and the guy at the register said "better on the wall". Food was ok, butter chicken so so.
I used my Living Social Chocolate mani/pedi certificate. After waiting for a rescheduled appointment, I went in... it's a well-thought hair salon, but is definitely not for nails. Stations are scattered, nail color choice is nonexistent and I don't feel the tools were properly sterilized. . The portable foot spa was old and my feet soaked for 30-40? minutes in too tepid murky water. My nails are now littered with painful hang nails (which weren't there before ). Even though I added a foot scrub, my feet are still rough. Skip using your certificate and go to a real nail boutique; you'll thank me.
Go somewhere else. I literally did a better job myself before my car got dirty. They should change the name to Danny's Terrible Wash. They missed obvious spots, I told the front desk about it and they said to come back for a complementary wash...why would I come back when I'm already there? They fixed the spots they didn't clean but I had to hunt down the supervisor to make sure they did a good job. Stayed there an extra 45 minutes at least...NOT WORTH IT!
I would give the place 0 stars if I could. I've been going to this location for nearly a year and up until their recent raid "troubles", I was pretty satisfied with their work. Since the huge turnover of people working the towel area, they can't seem to get a car cleaned properly. In the last 2 weeks I've gone twice; once for a VIP wash, the 2nd time for an express. The VIP wash was a joke. After my car sat in the sun drying for almost an hour, they started wiping it down and it honestly looked like they were cleaning it with Vaseline. The car was covered in streaks and smears and the guy working on it tried to make it off like something was wrong with the car. The car is less than 3 months old and brand new cars don't generally have greasy finishes. Frustrated, I finally left with my dirty, streaky car. Went back again a few days ago for the Express and while the wait wasn't as bad, my car didn't look any cleaner than when I went in. At this point, I won't bother going back there. There are better car washes in the Valley and the fact that Danny's was the closest to my apartment is no longer worth the hassle of paying for a crappy car wash.
I haven't been back to this location for probably 2 years as they did a bad job the few times I had gone back then. I decided to try again today and it is still the same poor quality car wash. I could probably find some local 10 year olds that would do a better job. My dashboard had one swipe across so you can see all the dust on the rest of it. And the exterior still had bugs and stuff still on the front. They really need to focus on attention to detail.
I have been going to this location for years, bringing mine, and my wifes vehicle in. I have paid for mutiple washes, had windshields replaced, etc.. I recently had my windsheild replaced, which was great. I then recieved a few free car washes. When I brought my truck in, one of the front line guys sprayed like a ''pre-wash'' soap onto the bumper and mirrors, headlights. This product ate into the plastic of the headlights and mirrors, and stained them, making a ''spray'' stain on the items. I spoke to the manager, and nice guy, but told me to come back and they will try and remove it. I came back a few weeks later, told my story, and the guy I spoke to said no, that didnt happen here, and it would need to be detailed, and he could give me a amazing deal, roughly 70$. which I agreed to do and paid for. I brought my truck in a few weeks later, left it all day long, came back, and the staining was gone, but still on the mirrors (backside, plastic side)... I told the manager again, and he said there was nothing he could do. Plus come to find out my floor mats were missing. I THEN came back again, for another wash, and the whole proccess happened again!,.. same staining on paint..etc... I spoke again to the manager, and he said I could bring it in some other time and they would see what they could do. THEN, my wife went in, and the same thing happened to her vehicle!, same staining. We have not been back since, but are going to call and see what we can get resolved. Since then, I have been to the location off bell and the 101, near Arrowhead mall, and briefly discussed the situation with the manager at that location, and he instasntly knew what the issue was, before I was finished. He said the soap chemical solution has to be cut 50/50, 50% water, 50% soap, and it was not, and it etched into the paint.. So, long story short, wasted time, wasted money, missing floor mats.
This is the worst Starbucks of all time. Drinks are always bad -- or completely wrong. Slow service. Disgusting bathrooms. Annoying baristas. I only go here if I'm desperate for caffeine, in a rush, and don't have time to walk to Royal...
Every experience up to today has been mediocre at best. Today was probably the most annoying. I've never written a bad review about anywhere before, but today's experience warranted such a review. The employees usually seem snobby, or annoyed that they have to help me. I thought their jobs were to help customers? Maybe I am wrong. On three separate occasions in the past, I have ordered a grande blonde roast, and since it has to slow drip or something, it usually takes a little longer...no big deal....but then they forget about it and I have to go up and ask about its status. They have been apologetic and I have been given the complimentary drink card on two of those instances, but I'd rather just have my drink and good customer service. Today, the girl at the register, Shayla, stood there talking to the other girls behind the counter about their weekend, laughing and hanging out, while I was standing there waiting. There were three people behind me waiting as well. Shayla finally decided it was time to help me, but still not even paying attention she took my order and gave me my total before I was done ordering. Very frustrating, horrible customer service. All of the other employees were just standing there as well, so its not as if no one saw me standing there. They all just seemed distracted, or more interested in talking to each other than helping anyone. I was very close to walking out, but she finally asked me what I wanted just in time. Starbucks, or whoever owns this location needs to hire some employees who have an idea of how to provide even semi-good customer service. I will not be visiting this location anymore.
I brought in the comforter from my guest room because our new puppy peed on it. Without getting an authorization to wet clean, they washed it to get the stain out. Stain is gone, but my guest comforter is ruined.
Wow. Sad and dismal letdown both in food and in service. I was on a hop out to LA and had a bit of time to kill. Food was a great idea as the stomach was empty and my reserve light was on. That could only mean i had a one hr max to find fuel or shut the engine down. Enter... the 12th fairway. Wow... it looked good from the outside. Had a golf feel to it. Sure, why not... thought the man who was desperate. Well, I should have focused on the NOT and I do heavily emphasize the WHY! The sandwich was dismal and service even worse. Never have i had a burger that limp, downtrodden or beaten up. The onion rings were more like overcooked batter. Next time, i'm shutting down the motor faced with the same choice of hunger pangs or 12th fairway. Now i know why they invented Snickers.
I ate here for the first....... And last time tonight. I ordered the lasagna and it came out barely warm. There was nothing too it at all. For twelve bucks I was expecting more. The sauce tasted like chef boyardee. It didn't even come with garlic bread. Maybe their pizza is better. I would save your money if I were you!
Not good. We order many dishes and the only one that was somewhat authentic was the red curry. But even that was not great. The duck dish was terrible, even the pad thai was not good--the noodles were way overcooked as was the chicken. Would not go back again.
Don't go to them unless you want to overpay and have your things ruined. See details under Mobile Mini Tempe, the main office.
Absolutely awful. Amazon recently started using OnTrac in the Bay Area, CA, and now all of my Prime packages arrive late. Absolutely terrible. Overnight packages sometimes arrive a week late, and none of the vehicles are marked whatsoever-- it's just some random dude who hops out of his Toyota with your (late) package. Awesome!
OnTrac appears to have no scruples at all. My daughter and I were nearly hit by one of its drivers. The driver was speeding in a reckless manner. I yelled for him to slow down and he just sped up, yelling something that was undiscernable. We walked towards where he was delivering something. He saw us and made a very fast U-turn and accelrated past us. I motioned for him to stop and he accelerated and was yelling something undiscernable again. I called OnTrac only to be rebuffed by two separate customer service representatives. I requested escalation but the reps would not allow me to speak with someone in authority despite my many request. One allowed me to provide a statement, promising me that I would be copied on an e-mail sent to corporate and regional entities. It never happened. The other rep. said someone would call back. Over 4 hours later a regional manager called. The basic response was that the drivers are independent contractors and couldn't be held accountable. Incredible that I felt as though OnTrac is ok with their independent contractors, talking on cell phone as they drive recklessly, ignoring a citizens request that they slow down and stop, and dismissing a customer's request concerning their behavior. I, for one, will not do business with OnTrac and I will advise everyone I know not to do business with them. I spoke to law enforcement about the issue and was informed that since their was no injury their is nothing I could do. As so many in this discussion have shared, OnTrac just doesn't care.
OnTrac marked the shipment as delivered 5 days after I wrote this review...no package was in sight, and I was home all day that day! These people must have either lost my package or delivered it to the wrong place and figured I wouldn't notice. I called and complained to Amazon. Luckily, they sent a replacement package via UPS. I received it the next business day. Ontrac employees are a bunch of LIARS. Do not deal with them!
Just awful... Why is amazon.com using these people??? I've never had issues with packages until they started getting in the game. I had a package last month that was 3 days late because the kept saying they 'tried' delivering it... I work from home and I was home at all the times they said they tried... apparently they never actually tried and whomever had it sitting around and then hand delivered it to me - never asked me for my signature (which said was required) and was on the phone when they dropped it off. No sorry either from the guy..... Also I just ordered something yesterday and got a mysterious email I was cc'd on from ontrac to officemax saying "Hello, The driver advised that we need a building name and department for this package. Please advise." No other information... nothing... I didn't know what it was for since officemax addresses were on it and I didn't order anything from them. So I wrote back asking what it was about and I live at a residence... and then got an email back "Please disregard this email. It was sent in error" - ERROR? how did they get my email? If my package I ordered from amazon is being shipped from OnTrac... it's probably going to be late... how much do you want to bet??
Anytime I see a package is shipping to me via OnTrac I do a face palm. These guys suck. Their tracking site is worthless and you never know when the package will show up. Update: Had to wait at my office until 8 on a Friday night just to get notified at 7:45 that they decided not to deliver the package today after all. Now they say they will deliver it next week. Why do I pay for two shipping if OnTrac can't deliver until the next week?
OnTrac is the most disappointing delivery service I've never been given the option to not use. Unfortunately some deliveries with Amazon are automatically assigned to OnTrac and as a result I am left to deal with the hassle of encouraging the delivery driver to even make a remote attempt to contact me. Recently my packages have been listed on their tracking site as "Not home" though no attempt to contact me was made at all and I am left wondering how on earth I can ever receive them in an apartment building if they are not even willing to attempt to contact me. The silver lining on the cloud is that at least now I am able to see my tracking statuses updated on their website. Prior to this when I last had the misfortune of being delivered to by Ontrac their tracking showed that they were awaiting the package tendered from the company, all the while the package had already arrived at my place.
So,I figure I'm going to see what this hippy bag is all about. I get there after breakfast,but before a full on lunch or brunch crowd. Maybe 16 people there in various forms of order status. Some have their food,some are waiting,some haven't decided. There's only one person ahead of me to order. No big. Until I realize she must be ordering War and Peace word for word,because for whatever reason, it was taking well over 5 minutes for the lady behind the counter to actually transcribe and place her order. I get ready to leave as another staffer pops up to take my order. Cheeseburger and fries to go... Simple... No questions asked,money has been taken,and now I sit and wait. And wait. And wait. And wait. I've looked at the decor and the denizens for about 20 minutes at this point. At the 25 minute mark they call my name. I get to where I need to be and proceed to partake of this cheddar cheese burger and fries... The burger was smothered in all sorts of crap like sauteed onions,tomatos and such.You'd think for all the fancy dress it would have tasted like something. Anything. Nope. It had to be the blandest thing I've ever eaten. I was mystified. How could there be all this crap on this thing and it not taste like anything? The fries were crinkle cut and brought back nightmares of growing up in a household where the crinkle cut fries from a bag were a weekly menu item. Mom never was handy when it came to food preperation. Everything tasted like grey matter. So I guess this hippy foray should have not been so alien to me. Anyhoo,it's now a day later and it's amazing how a burger and fries that taste like nothing has been able to wreak havoc on my digestive system. I woke up this morning by my stomach turning and have been relegated to the bathroom ever since. It's really nice outside,so once my body is done being really annoyed with me for waiting 25 minutes for bland burger that took it's revenge on me 16 hours later,maybe I'll go out to stock up on Pepto Bismol. Sorry Two Hippies...... I wanted to really dig your gig,but I can't groove on the move.
Terrible service was just the start of my Groupon brunch experience. We arrived late on a Sunday morning, well after the crowd came through. When I sit down at any restaurant, I expect the wait staff to acknowledge me within a reasonable time. It took the waitress five minutes to even stop at the table, all the while checking in on the surrounding tables. Also, any time I visit a restaurant for the first time, I tell this to the staff, and ask for their recommendations on the menu. The waitress ignored these cues, and only asked what we wanted to eat. After the long wait for drinks to come, one of my dining friends realized that her glass was cracked. I'm not talking chipped at the rim, but a crack all the way down the glass. When we finally get the waitress to alert her of the situation, all she says is "oh," picks up the glass, and walks away. Not even an apology for filling up a cracked glass in the first place. I ordered the kalua pork and hash for my meal. Let me be upfront, that my standards for kalua pork are imu style. I understand though, that in metropolitan Phoenix, this isn't possible. The kalua pork here was just not good. If L&L can do a decent kalua with liquid smoke, I'd rather go there. The kalua looked more like a condensed pork stew, and was rather bland. The location is good, as well as the dcor and ambiance, however that's about it. Not sure I'll return.
My dear Hula's, What happened today? Maybe it was the lunch rush, but that's no excuse. Our ice tea and water tasted very weird and slightly sweetened. If you're trying out something new, it's not a good idea. our food, which consisted of a lunch salad, sandwich and sweet potato fries took forever. The fries were cold, the ahi tuna very very over cooked and hardly any pink. Please get better soon. I will probably be back, but I will make sure it's not during lunch and that I order something different.
I love the design of this place and was really looking forward to trying it out.....had a fish burger and sweet potato fries that both arrived cold, a waiter who vanished constantly, but good drinks. Felt sick for a few days after that. Tried it again when a friend was passing through town who had heard good things. Again, absentee server, cold/uncooked food, and again I felt sick for a few days. Beautiful spot, but I cannot give it another chance. :^(
I went there thinking / hoping this place had some resemblance of its predecessor; The Fish Market. Boy was I mistaken. First, there was nothing that resembled a typical lunch menu. Everything on the menu was $$, including the 1/2 sandwich and fries for 9.95, which I'm sorry I ordered. The sandwich was remarkably small, with 1 small piece of lettuce, slice of tomato and what looked liked a small scoop of tuna. The bread looked like it may have been right out of a loaf of Roman Meal bread. The fries seemed like a normal small portion. When served, I recall how astonished I was at how small the entire combination was and how I knew I would be hungry afterward since I don't eat fries, however, the substitutions came at an extra charge. Which meant I just got a tiny half sandwich for 10 bucks or a tiny sandwich with cole slaw for even more $. This was a lunch experience that made me angry with each passing moment i sat there fuming, primarily due to the lackluster portion, the price, and the mediocre service. I really dont like to score a place one star, but in this case, if Bluewater has the stones to sell a small, ordinary 1/2 sandwich for 10 bucks, I feel the need to tell anyone interested how this place offers absolutely no value for the $$. I will never go back to this place. Once bitten, twice shy as the saying goes.
Yet another terrible airport restaurant! Terrible, terrible, terrible. All I wanted was a simple sandwich to go. First, $8 for a simple turkey sandwich? When I asked for it "to go" he put a lid on the plate. Really? How am I supposed to fit that in my luggage?? All I wanted was a subway style piece of paper!
Booo I had a terrible experience here. I went to get my car cleaned on a Saturday at 3 pm. They charged $25 for a basic inside/outside wash ($15 at Danny's). Then I fought off the $200 detail upgrade and chip replacement people for five minutes. I got in my car when they were through and looked directly into my cupholder which still had coffee drips and crumbs - great! They missed several other spots in addition to that and left trash on the front seat. My final gripe was that a homeless guy was bothering me the whole time while I waited. Not their fault, but it made the whole experience a little worse. I hate to complain publicly like this...but it was awful and I wouldn't wish that kind of rip-off on anyone.
The bf got his truck washed here and raved about it! He got an oil change, car wash, and leather treatment for his car. It did look amazing when I saw it right after the wash. I was impressed. So, I went this past Friday to get my car washed. I got "The Works" car wash. I will say that the outside of my car did look fabulous when it was done. Here's where they went wrong: First, IU was informed that my car was not shiny like it is supposed to be. The guy compared my car to a freshly waxed black car. Of course my silver car isn't going to look the same as a black car that just got waxed! I was irritated to say the least. Second: When my car was "finished" I went over and got in. As I started the car, and pulled away from the drying area, I realized the dash of my car was dusty. It had never been wiped down. What car wash vacuums a car but doesn't wipe off the dash? Looks like I'll be going back to Los Olivo's or Danny's for my future washes!
Me and a coworker went there during the World Cup USA game and it was a complete mess. I worked in a bar for 8 years, and this was the worst experience ever. Waited 15 minutes for service. Waited 30 mins for food. Then another 30 minutes for the waitress to come back over and another 25 mins to pay. The TVs are too small 42" TVs are not what anyone wants to watch the game on, and they are mounted too high. The bartender was also the waitress!!! I couldn't believe that Connellys would set her up for failure like that, she could make a lot more money working somewhere that cares about her.
Food was okay. Balding manager didn't greet us at door. All the employees seemed absolutely miserable there-especially the manager. What a depressing mood in this place.
My wife used to order takeout from this place and I thought it was pretty darn good. The last two times I have been here were far from satisfying. I will only review tonight's offerings... The lady ordered some formation of pasta in a cream base with bacon and mushrooms. All of the bacon was of the soggy, flaccid variety amount to chewing soft fat. I actually don't mind when that happens as I will just skip past it but it grossed the lady out. I ordered the pasta puglia and the pasta was either ice cold or pretty hot. Kinda reminded me of when I used to warm up leftover Olive Garden after a night of drinking in my college era. I possibly would have sent it back but I noticed the 6 waitstaff busting out the sidework at 8:00pm. Oh yeah, they also ran out of bread? What? How the hell would you have made my sandwich if I would have ordered one since that is approximately half the menu. I'm assuming they meant the bread that is designed to bring out the table and they do not have a competent enough chef/microwavist to modify the bread selection on the fly. Personally, I will pass. Feel free to give them a shot on $5.99 pasta night. Makes you feel a lot better when you spend that than when you shell out 10x that amount on a few drinks, cold food, no bread, and soggy bacon.
They put the grr in gross.. I would give 0 stars if possible. Enter at your own risk!
Have been to Compound for many happy hours and brunches. Excellent food and always wonderful service. Just watched the football game today, was there THREE hours and spent a ton of money drinking and having dinner. They had a concert, we didn't know about. They asked us to leave or pay $10 a head. We spent over $100 and would have spent over $100 more at least. My friend asked the hostess to PLEASE waive the fee since we'd been there so long. She did! We moved to the bar per her request, and the manager-THOMAS, came over-after we ordered another round and asked us to leave. BEFORE we had two sips of our drinks. I told him the hostess said we could stay, and he called us liars. He then proceeded to belittle the very accommodating hostess in front of the other patrons. Others left they were so uncomfortable. I will NEVER go there again...SO RUDE!!!
RUDE, HORRIBLE SERVICE! DO NOT USE! We just purchased a new Electrolux washer/dryer set from Lowe's. Two weeks into having them, the latch on the dryer door broke and now it won't stay closed to do laundry. I called customer service and was given an appointment by Electrolux. When I called Authorized Appliance Repair to confirm that appointment was given by Electrolux, they were very rude and stated that "of course that's your appointment, that's what they told you isn't it?!" I called on a Wednesday and the soonest I could get an appointment was the FOLLOWING WEDNESDAY. Knowing that Electrolux parts are not common, I gave what's her face on the phone (Donna, I think, but rude either way, so I don't care enough to remember her name) my MODEL NUMBER, SERIAL NUMBER AND told them the exact issue I was having. So I waited during my 4 HOUR APPOINTMENT WINDOW for him to show up. When he did, he proceed to park in the driveway (which I know isn't a big deal, but at least ask first and I have NEVER had ANY service company park in my driveway, just rude), looked at my dryer latch, said "Yep, needs a new latch," handed me my slip and left. I HAVE BEEN A WEEK WITHOUT MY DRYER, GAVE THEM MY MODEL NUMBER, SERIAL NUMBER AND PROBLEM AND HE DIDN'T FIX IT!!! I then called their office to ask why they didn't have the part. Dumb-dumb on the phone said the part hadn't come in yet...I asked when was it ordered....when he left the premises she said. TODAY!! TODAY???!!! I am sooo mad at them right now and disgusted by their customer service. I WILL NEVER, NEVER USE THEM AGAIN!
Based off of the recent reviews, I was looking forward to trying this place out. Walking into this place was a SHOCK. Sticky tables with a visible layer of grime? CHECK Months (years??) of dried on food flecks on the walls? CHECK dirt & debris in every corner? check check CHECK We were super hungry so we decided to just deal with the "ick" factor. Although the cleanliness was pretty sketch, the food wasn't bad but it wasn't great either. The sushi was pale in color which scared me a little. I was excited to see they had oysters but when I looked at them, it looked like someone had picked out the smallest and cheapest ones to serve. They mix in a ton of cabbage into their seaweed salad (an obvious attempt to stretch out their supply with a cheap add in). And fried foods as far as the eye could see-if you don't like fried foods, you would be hard pressed to find something to eat. The only item that was REALLY BAD was their baked salmon (it was AWFUL) which tasted like it had been on the line for DAYS. All their sauces tasted like a bunch of sugar had been dumped in them. I will say, the toasted/fried squid was amazing, almost made up for the whole outing.....Almost. Had a wee bit of difficulty getting our check because our server was busy watching the game on the tv....seriously, the guy was standing in the middle of the dining area just staring at the tv, really put me off. Chance of us coming back here? How do I put it......Scientology would have a better chance of being recognized as the one true religion than us coming back to this place.
Three hours for a tow truck to arrive! I called my road assistance service to arrange a tow truck. Quick Pik/All Over Towing picked up the call. The first eta 1 hr and 30 min... After waiting 90 min called Quik Pik provider they said they were backed up and it would be another hour. When asked why I wasn't notified they didn't have a response. I asked where the tow truck driver was, dispatcher responded they had no way of tracking. Called back 1 hr 15 min later and BONNIE stated they just got the call an hour ago. I corrected her and she said there was nothing she could do about it and stated they did "expedite" my call. Bonnie is not very bright bc if she was sticking to her story of only being an hour why would they expedite my call?! To add she stated that she saw the driver's location on GPS and he was within minutes away. I thought it was pretty amazing that the company had a tracking system installed within 1 hr and 15min. I tried to get Bonnie to give me an estimate and she stated she would have the driver call me immediately with an ETA... That didn't happen. 15 minutes later I called the road assistance service back and explained the situation. They called Bonnie. Bonnie told them a blatant lie and stated she just got off the phone with me not even 5 min ago and she had told me the driver would be there in 15 min. Again not very bright of Bonnie because the road side assistance co and I had been on the phone with each other for more than 5 min at that time. When the tow truck driver arrived approximately 25 minutes later he was courtesy, but the fact that I was left stranded for 3 hrs really is an indication of what this company is all about!
Nope! Never again! Disgusting lobby. Perhaps the lazy little girls texting and instagramming could wipe a table or sweep a freaking floor. And for the love of GOD could ANYONE wear some freaking gloves? Someone call the health department!
I typically only write reviews when I have a really good experience somewhere or really bad.... Ganem Jewelers has quite possibly the worst customer service! I found a ring that I liked in their store and inquired about having a similar ring custom made with a few modifications. John Eckert told me he would follow up with the manufacturer as well as Ganem's designer and get back to me with pricing info etc. Not only did he neglect to call me back, I called him 4 times over a 2 week period and he never even returned my phone calls. With this kind of customer service, they are going to have a hard time staying in business. Needless to say, I took my business elsewhere.
After my horrible review, I was contacted by this place to give them another try with another person that they say is much better. I figured I should give them another chance because one person should ruin the whole company, right? Anyway...as I promised, I would update my review...I call this an update, but want to keep my previous review posted as that was my worst experience ever. =o( I came back here and met with a new person. I'm happy to say that my hair was not yanked in any way and was treated much better; however, there was just something that seemed so off. At first I thought it was just me and maybe going to the Scottsdale location spoiled me in some ways, but no. I truly believe that the services in this place is just not comparable to Scottsdale or the one in Glendale, AZ. I went to the next closest place to me which was in Glendale and they performed their services just as great as Scottsdale! =o) So...with this experience I can finally say that this particular location just does things differently that are not pleasant to me. They wax over the same spots and it's just a harsh feeling...you know when they keep waxing at the same spot...it becomes more sensitive, but they just keep waxing...it's that kind of harsh feeling. Just like any places you decide to read reviews on...there are going to be awful reviews and great reviews...but it really boils down to your own experience and how you like it. Sorry to say that I will never come back to this place...the only reason I would come back is if my current esthetician started working here. Previous Review: I've been to Scottsdale location, but wanted to try this out since it's so much closer to me, but my goodness! This is by far the worst service I have ever received!!! I should not have given a tip, but I guess I just felt bad if I didn't tip...such a mistake in my part. I really hate to give such a bad review and I'm not even going to mention the person's name. I came here to get a facial and particular person dropped some wax and it dripped to the back of my neck. She began yanking on long hair without even giving me warning! She blamed my hair for getting on the wax. Are you seriously serious??? I felt like she was a newbie and who was so unsure of what she was doing. I would NEVER come back to this specific location!!!
I didn't dine in the place but I did get delivery . For the most part I am not a fan of freaky weird pizzas and I prefer them traditionalism you might think different . We ordered two basic pizzas to share....and both of us didn't like the crust...weird tasting sweet wheat.... both of us didn't like the sauce....like ketchup . I note the cheese was actually good but this variation of pizza is not for pizza lovers
I used to be a fan until tonight! I walk up to an empty table in the bar with a few empty glasses on it and stood by it to try to get some help. After about five minutes and at least three employees looking at me as they passed me by without as much as a hello I cleared the table myself and sat down. Then the same girl that had passed me by twice without saying a word told us that our table was to be sat by the host. When i told her i was leaving , she walked away smiling. It would have been nice if one of the many employees that passed me by would has asked me if I needed anything or advised me to speak to the host. I'll stick with buffalo wild wings from now on.
I have ordered from here twice. First time was our first night in Arizona; my boyfriend and I were tired, starving, and smelly. I ordered the sesame chicken dinner special and crab puffs. Boy, they both hit the spot and it all was the right amount of food--not too much, not too little. The second time I ordered the same thing, but the quality sucked. The breading was soggy, and the container was barely full. Also the eggrolls are nasty but they gave me one instead of the drink that I asked for on the phone. When I asked, "may I have my drink?" the girl (who didn't take the order) said, "You can only have an eggroll or a drink. You got an eggroll" *points to bag*. And that was that. I'm not going back except in a time of desperation or intoxication.
Be very careful with this company. They claimed I never returned the cooler, which was picked up by the delivery driver when I cancelled service. They never return calls, at least locally. If you call you always get CS in Georgia. The locals here in Phoenix could not be bothered. The service is lousy and the customer service does not exist.
We usually Love this place and their food. We love to sit outside and enjoy the weather. However we do not enjoy that they do not have a seperate outside smoking area. As we were trying to enjoy our food 3 different people lit up and the rest of the meal was ruined. We will not be returning until a seperate smoking area is designated
I tried both the machaca and shredded chicken tacos - barely edible! The shredded cabbage looked to be a week old on the overcooked beef, which did not really qualify as machaca. The shredded chicken was swimming in a tasteless red sauce. The combo platter promises rice & beans - more like thimble-fuls of white rice and bean soup. I will say that their chips and salsa bar was great, but the rest was awful!
Yuck!! totally not going back. Mcdonalds way bette than this. and I'm shocked someone compared this to In N Out...no way! I wish it were in n out
4 Stars for the food and the company caring about quality more than other places. -1 Star for them allowing a homeless guy to pester me and most likely others at a place where I am forced to park and wait for my food and I can't leave if I want my money's worth. They are also lucky I don't -1 more Star for the girl working there at the moment I am writing this review. She was very short and rude and annoying. She was literally mad at me from the minute I drove up to the speaker because I wanted to take a moment to look at the menu which I am still not familiar with (and ask my wife on the phone what we should get). Then she was even more mad at me for asking for honey mustard at the window. I felt very happy to hand over $20 (which I never spend on restaurants anywhere) to receive this treatment from a place that is trying to be more dignified fast food. I expect this treatment at a lame joint, but this is supposed to be Culver's. Also, I don't care for the chocolate custard/ice cream whatever they call it. It tastes like Wendy's frosty. That's lame. Other than that it is a place with decent burgers and the toppings/mix-ins cover up the cheap ice cream well enough to get it more than once. ***UPDATE*** -3 Stars for food poisoning to top off the experience. I regret going, and wish I had ordered pizza (which is saying something).
This is the worst dealer that I have ever worked with! I thought I was moving up when I sold my Honda and bought the BMW. Not the case! Once you own the car, the service department could care less about your needs. It feels that you are bothering them when you bring your vehicle in. I would steer clear from this dealer. I had issues with my vehicle prior to warranty expiration. When the item broke, 3 day after warranty expired, they would not fix and wanted nothing to do with me. I will never give my business to Chapman again!
DON'T USE THIS COMPANY!! I called this company for repair on a unit two years ago. They came out and did not want to deal with the problem because my refrigerator was too old. Cha ching, $90 trip charge for nothing. Called another repair company and they came out and fixed the problem. Today, called for a repair on another refrigerator from this company. They came out and said this unit was too old and they said other company's will come out and fix it and told me the part it needed. Cha, ching $95 trip charge for nothing. They knew how old the units were BEFORE they came out from the model number. This is total fraud to know you are not going to work on my unit because of it's age before you come out, but come out anyway.
I'm truly glad to see someone has had a better experience at Al's than myself. Based on this latest review, might I go back there now? Absolutely... the first day we have a blizzard in july in Phoenix with 32 degrees below zero wind chill. (No offense to Cookie who wrote that review is intended.)
Went to Julie's once before and had a great experience. So I returned today. They bumped me to three different nail techs ( ?). I guess they had to bump me to yet another tech to appease a regular?? Looked that way. Well the second tech had already started removing my gel polish. Filing and scraping. Then the third one. Wanted to start all over. I told her he had already filed. I told her doesn't the right hand know what the left had is doing here? So I asked him to tell her where he had left off. He did. She acted all exasperated. That's when I walked out. Nail salons are a dime a dozen won't waste my time on rude little girls. Three techs in 10 minutes. I guess my business isn't important enough to be treated as well as the woman I was bumped for. Not to mention. They made me move three times. The last girl there received 50% tip. I'm an pretty generous tipper. Shiny Nails across the street will get my business. I'll do my own before going back there.
This place seems to keep going down in quality each time I go. I think I'm done. Took my truck in to get oil change and free wash. Guy asked if I wanted premium for $6 more. "No thanks". Deluxe wash for $3 more? "No". Are you sure? Yes. Thats just me ranting, I find sales pitches annoying. Guy from shop (I don't consider them mechanics) came and showed me my air filter and asked if I wanted a new one, to which I say of course. I'm pretty used to my air filter costing between $11-$12. When the shop guy came back he informed me my total was $57.72!!! The air filter cost $20 and he didn't tell me. Awesome. When I picked my car up after the wash I could tell it was a half ass job of cleaning it. Not one, not two, not three, but FOUR oil smears on my steering wheel, door panel, dash board, and hand brake. Horrible visit that just cost them a customer.
This place sucks! Had to tell them to vacuum my car again when I said why my inside looked so opaque customer survive guy said obviously the services are rushed were busy. Paid for the VIP. Waste of money. My car doesn't smell so I didn't get my air freshmen and my inside was def not dressed. And to top it off they parked my car underneath a tree with pollen falling. Fail!!!!
Worst place to go! This was my third visit and all three times horrible and thought I would give it another try, so third strike your out! The manager personally made sure the car was done correctly when I returned dissatisfied. I will not be returning. I will be going to the arrowhead location if I go to Danny's at all.
Hi again! Apparently the review below which I wrote on August 9th 2013 and also place it on the DR's website for reviews mysteriously disappeared from the DR's website. Who knows how many other reviews he deleted. As of today is when I checked it just after receiving a letter from DR Kwon saying they will no longer see me. The letter was a waist of time and paper as I already made it very clear to them that I was switching Dr's. I'm glad I also placed my original review on YELP which is where I saw Jeff's review. The Dr may be able to erase his bad reviews on his website, but not on YELP! http://www.vitals.com/doctors/Dr_John_Kwon/reviews#ixzz2ciZnds5R Doctor Reviews and Ratings Follow us: @Vitals on Twitter | Vitals on Facebook
Yesterday (6/8/2013) I saw one of the workers from C Landscaping dump 3 dump truck loads of Dirt / Concert and garbage in the alley in North Phoenix. Very shady !! Good thing I have pictures of the truck, plate number to give to the police and city of Phoenix so they can prosecute them for what they did. DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY !! They need to go away !
Congratulations to the pharmacists at Walgreen's for competing with Michael's Crafts & Fry's Electronics for the "Worst Customer Service Award". Not only were you un-helpful but you also took the time to discount my concerns. I know helping me answer some questions about over-the-counter allergy medicines can be tough, but you failed with flying colors. Your refined degree of self-loathing is a shining example to us all. Keep up the good work!
Roger and Maria, who were featured on Diners, Drive Ins and Dives, no longer own this place. I was surprised to see it was still open. When we used to go in over a year ago, Roger said he was going to close it and open a new restaurant in Anthem (which he did). But I didn't realize that this original Roberto's would keep the name and stay open under new ownership so there began the confusion. I thought Roger had two locations (which I found out later he does not). I had found a coupon in the SavvyShopper circular for 20% off and that's how I learned this gas station Roberto's was still in operation. So we went. The menu was the same but the food didn't taste the same. Then I got home and realized I'd been overcharged and was not given a receipt. It made me uncomfortable when I read V.W.'s post that the same thing had happened to them. I don't like that sort of "carelessness". Because I thought Roger still owned this restaurant, I just assumed that this gas station 7th Ave and Union Hills website address would be the same as the new Roberto's in Anthem robertosaz.com but then I saw where Laura R. mentioned that the gas station location isn't even listed on their website. The SavvyShopper showed the website address for 7th Ave and Union Hills Roberto's as being different robertosphoenix.com (which I added to this business listing). I knew then something wasn't right because if Roger still owned both certainly he'd have just one website with both physical addresses listed. When you go to the gas station's site robertosphoenix.com you kind of get the impression it's still owned by Roger and Maria though, it's confusing. The "About Us" section says "We have been providing our clients with the most authentic Mexican dishes for years." and there's a "Food Network" section that says "We are honored to have been featured on the FOOD NETWORK's show: "Dives, Diners & Drive-ins" starring Guy Fieri. Please click here to watch the show right now!" which links to a YouTube of the original show Roger and Maria were on (of course any site can link to any YouTube page). But no where on the whole website are Roger and Maria's names mentioned. So I figured the best thing to do was just call the Anthem location to clarify the whole mess. When I did I was told Roger and Maria no longer owned the gas station location. I found a post from Carina M. under the Roberto's Anthem location which might explain why the Roberto's gas station location can still make the claim to have been on DDD even though Roger and Maria no longer own it. It's because Roberto's is actually a chain out of Las Vegas and San Diego. That would explain quite a bit including the same menus. Even with the identical menus it definitely depends on who is doing the cooking though. This gas station location is just not as good. Some dishes aren't bad like the carne asada plate, the chopped meat is flavorful and not greasy yet I was surprised to see it wasn't a whole grilled piece of steak. The beef taco shell is a tasty crispy fried white flour tortilla that looks like an empanada. But the cheese enchiladas are greasy and their sauce has an odd cinnamon taste. A touch of cinnamon might make the sauce interesting but this tasted like the cook poured the whole bottle in. They are open on Sundays which the "old" Roberto's was not and they do have a coupon page on their website. I'm not going back though even with a coupon because the being charged incorrectly situation just doesn't set well with me.
USED to get my nails done there. Go in get a full set for 40 not bad with tip. Go in and get my nails filled with different color and charged me 38$ and wasn't even there for a hour! Really?! I asked she have me this bull explanation and I was paying and she was talking crap about me to the girl that was getting her nails done! Really?!? I was standing right there and your talking about me?! Never going again if I want to pay for a full set every time. Not worth it. Going someone where else now. Went there for the old price but not worth 45$ every time
Watch out for a salesman named Val. He totally tried to lie and sell us a whole bunch of stuff we didn't need. We called over the manager who totally contradicted val. Buyer beware! Take your business elsewhere!
I get here at 10am, but they still have the door locked. Someone finally let me in, and I am told I have to wait. No biggie, he says not more than about 5 minutes. 12 minutes later people who have arrived after me are being helped "because they had an appointment at 10" although it was crystal clear they arrived well after. People with no appointment are being helped and I am STILL waiting. You would think that wanting to come in and buy a phone would get people moving but not at this place. Disgusting customer service!
It's a beautiful Friday at 11:30 am and I decided to stop for a quick lunch with my very young daughter after feeding the ducks at the Anthem park. We walked in and the hostess said it would be a 15 minute wait (I should have left) . I looked and saw a bar booth open with a pile of glasses, napkins and plates so I asked if we could eat in the bar area. She said sure, but it's going to take just as long to get food. We sat down and after 10 minutes they finally cleared the table. After what felt like eternity we got our food. The table next to us waited even longer and they had to send their chicken sandwich back. They are severely under staffed. The two bartenders that were serving the bar section were very nice so it's not their fault. This chilis is poorly managed. The food is just okay and the staffing is terrible. You are better off driving down to happy valley and eating at one of the great places there.
When I arrived at the desk, I was told that because I booked my rental in Washington DC, the computer changed the pick up time from 9am to noon. (that makes a lot of sense...) The car (and price) I reserved would not be available until noon. If I wanted a car at 9am, I could get one for an additional $250 over the rate reserved online. The dude was pretty shady and I declined. Luckily, my reservation was not guaranteed with a credit card, so I walked over to Dollar and got a better car for $150 less than the price I reserved online-- Total of about $350 less than what the Payless guy wanted to charge me. The whole experience with payless was beyond sketchy. The rental guy looked like a meth addict. His whole face was a giant scab/brush burn. I made a comment about how it must have hurt and he said that it was a "pool accident". I can only imagine... Like I said, SKETCHY! I will never try to rent from them again and I would advise others to stay far far away!
Now I know why the line is so long at the Enterprise counter.... I signed up on Yelp specifically to write this review. I had a 2012 Elantra with 31,000 miles on it, the car would creak and groan in drive so at traffic lights I had to put it in neutral. The suspension would bottom out on nearly every bump, and every time I turned the steering wheel it would make horrible noises. Elantra's are normally fine cars but this was beat to crap and clearly not maintained. What made me write this review was I tried contacting them on 3 separate occasions. Twice with their local Phoenix office, and was told to leave a message and that I would get a call back. Never got a call back both times I left messages. And the disinterested corporate office hung up on me. Twice. Be extremely careful reading the fine print of your contract. Their extra 'insurance' is $25/day just to cover your insurance company's deductible. I will never rent with them ever again, and will continually go out of my way to make sure people don't make the mistake of renting with them.
This place is filled with dishonest and unethical work practices. I prepaid a reservation on 4/23 and when I picked up and returned the car on the designated day on 4/28, they charged me AGAIN for the full price that I already paid--why?? They also credited back the taxes/fees so they can get HIGHER taxes and fees because I had a fuel charge. Additionally, I put in a request for a refund THE SAME DAY and I was told by the local office to call "Corporate." Corporate is essentially a place to start a customer service ticket and then the entire dispute is handled online only. I called again today (mind you this is 3 days after my original dispute) and the Customer Service rep said they could do nothing for me and to call Corporate. What's the number for Corporate? Oh, they don't have that on hand. Really?! I asked to speak to a Manager. "There is no Manager on site." Really?! I am fairly certain someone in authority has to be on site for management. "No." So, now I am DENIED access to anyone in authority. The best he could do was post a reply (online of course) that I called again. I asked him to state I requested a Manager and was denied. He did not post what I asked....so I did. TWICE. No resolution yet to speak of. DO NOT RENT HERE. IT IS HORRENDOUS AND UNETHICAL.
Avoid at all costs. You might get a good deal but you get what you pay for. The front desk agents are the terrible. Rude, condescending and unprofessional. (If you don't believe me just go see Abdul) They try and make you feel stupid when you decline all of their up selling. Save yourself the headache and rent from anyone else!
Do not rent from this company. My flight was to arrive at 11:30 PM so prior to renting I called to ask & was told that would not be a problem. When I arrived at the counter 1) they had NO CARS (including for several other customers) 2) they said rental agreements are automatically cancelled each MN. They did promptly refund my prepaid rental fee.
If it weren't for the beautiful lobby and the friendly reception staff, I would give this place a zero. Well, that and the fact that Yelp doesn't allow for Zeros. Point being, this place SUCKS and you should not go there. I repeat, DO NOT GO TO DENTAL SPECIALITY ASSOCIATES FOR ANY REASON. I visited DSA in September 2013. I went at the recommendation of my insurance company. The second I walked out the door after my appointment, I contacted my insurance provider and changed my primary dentist to anyone BUT these people. My appointment was made same-day as I was in extreme tooth pain and needed to be seen. When I got to DSA, they promptly placed me in a room with an oral hygenist who took my x-rays. We were off to a great start. After that, I was placed in an exam room where I waited about twenty minutes to see my dentist, Dr. Lior Berger. Dr. Berger was rough with his hands, pushing and pulling in my mouth and knocking metal things and cold against my teeth to determine my issue(s). I understood that this may need to take place given that I was in extreme pain. I silently endured his torture. He did not speak to me really, he preferred to bark numbers and orders at his staff. They were nearby with my chart taking notes. After my exam by Dr. Berger, I was escorted to the "finances" department where they would go over my treatment plan. Long story short, I went in with a DENTAL EMERGENCY and left with NO SOLUTION to my problem. As a matter of fact, what I DID leave with was a "treatment plan" that included 3 root canals, 2 crowns, a two stage tooth cleaning and multiple cavities needing to be filled. All for the low, lo price of $3,000+ AFTER insurance!!! Um, no. I left DSA and never went back. I wasn't really bothered enough to write a Yelp review at the time because I knew that I was smart enough not to pay $3,000 for tooth treatment that wasn't actually causing me pain. I figured most other people would be the same. However, as of the past 72 hours, I feel a bit differently. Today is Sunday. Thursday night I got no sleep because of a recurrence of the pain in my teeth / jaw. I knew I couldn't go back to DSA. I visited another dentist's office about two miles away. On Friday morning, I had yet another emergency exam to help identify the pain that I had been having in my mouth. I was at the dentist's office for over two hours. Multiple dentists consulted on my case. It turns out I needed ZERO root canals. My tooth pain is actually not tooth pain at all. I was diagnosed with TMJ. So, had I listened to Dr. Berger, I would have had three unnecessary root canals along with all kinds of other stuff that would not have helped my pain. The new dentist told me my issue is not with my teeth at all but rather pain is coming from my jaw and muscles around my mouth. They prescribed me a muscle relaxer to bring down my swelling / inflammation and took impressions to have a night-time mouth guard made. My guard will be made and ready for me to pick it up in two and a half weeks. My cost- $240. Dr. Berger tried to scam me for a TON of money. I am devastated that there are people in the medical field who operate with morals like this. Unbelievable.
Careful! Shady guys working there. I broke down on the 101 and was about 15 miles from home, did a quick search on the net and had my tow truck driver take my car to this place. They called a day or so later and gave me a quote of well over 1000 to fix my car and started naming a whole laundry list of "what ifs" that can be wrong and how much it will cost me if the "what ifs" happen. Well needless to say, I had my car towed out of there immediately. Took it to my usual mechanic and even after paying the tow truck, and Greulichs assanine "diagnostic" fee, I was still less than the Greulichs butthole quote. Oh yeah, and NONE of the "what ifs" I was given were an issue. BTW, What the hell do shocks have to do with "get my car up on the road and running"???? Just sayin'. I may be a girl, however you cant pull a fast one on me.... OH yeah, I am placing a complaint with the BBB.
I prefer to give no stars but I do not have that option, It is very sad, because this could be a great place but owner/management could absolutely care less. Food is horrible. Customer service is even worse. Place is dirty, and not taken care of. Lights are out, fans don't work. Everything is filthy, menu's (if that's what you want to call them, they look like a three year old did it) are crumpled dirty pieces of paper that looks like it has been dragged behind a boat, tables, chairs, floors, bar, condiment caddy even the books the bill comes in, all filthy, filthy, filthy. Garbage dumpsters are located right outside the restaurant and are stacked full of garbage that stinks like you would not believe and is full of insects and I am sure rodents as well. I was unfortunate enough to pay for their "breakfast buffet" which consisted of nothing, everything was empty and the little bit they did have made me sick the entire day. My husband went to get me a glass of water and black chunks of grime came out in the glass. Shows that filth runs ramped and laziness is the norm. This place is in desperate need of an owner that cares and a staff that knows customer service and professionalism. They should be ashamed. Until this changes I would warn all to stay away. Unless you enjoy paying for watered down booze, filth, bad food, food poisoning and no customer service. Someone call John Taffer from Bar Rescue! Go to Dillon's at Scorpion Bay, much better.
i really can't see ever going back here unfortunately unless it's for a tube or something very generic. bought an overpriced bike computer here on saturday. there were 2 older guys in there, one pretty useless and then the other one who was more helpful. came back on sunday because i couldn't get it to measure the speed. only the useless older guy was there seeming overwhelmed with the 3 customers in the store and severely out of breath from having to bring a repaired bike out from the back. he had no idea what to do and said his mechanic was in on tuesday. then he asked me if i'd even bought the computer there. i said, yes, about 18 hours ago and we'd even talked for a while during the purchase. i guess he didn't recognize me or the computer that his store sold. anyways - landis isn't that far away - definitely go there instead. palo verde has about 25 bikes for sale in the store and about 1 of everything else - so don't expect to have much choice in anything. not sure if anyone in this store had been on a bike in the past 20 years. landis is on shea & scottsdale and has a ton of bikes for sale, a lot of other gear & equipment and a fully stocked repair shop.
This place does not turn on there ac... Leaves the door wide open so a bunch of flies come in... On a side note mothers bring there kids in so if you are looking for a nice relaxing experience I would go else where.
Never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, NEVER go to this place! Apparently it has a reputation and I can tell you IT IS WELL DESERVED. I arrived in an ambulance with extreme abdominal pain, ten on a scale from one to ten. We had been told other hospitals were turning ambulances away because they were so busy, which is why we came to this one. This ER was busy as well, but that is still no excuse for the horrible care I received. I was left for two hours without anyone checking on me ONCE when I first got there. When they finally did see to us, we had to constantly beg for nausea medication, pain medication, blankets, and information again and again before anyone would help us. They didn't have several basic medical supplies. There was gauze soaked in somebody else's blood when I arrived to my room and it stayed there on the floor the entire time I was there. It turns out I had to have an emergency surgery to remove an ovary, a very traumatic procedure for someone as young as me. There was no support system, no comfort, no understanding from the staff, only rudeness. Now, to be fair, the staff the morning of my surgery and the night after my surgery were kind and appeared to be trying and the people who were involved during the surgery and its prep seemed ok and competent, but somebody misread my ultrasound or CT scan and almost caused major complications during the surgery. My last nurse was the worst of them all. She was impossible to get ahold of and other nurses and students kept having to cover for her. I kept hearing people wondering where she was and others replying that she was on break again. When she did come in response to my pressing the call button, she was extremely rude, mean, and condescending. She looked at me like I was crazy when I asked for aftercare instructions and told me just to "rest up"! I kept having to ask her again and again to call my surgeon for the post op instructions and to answer some questions I had. She kept insinuating that I should leave and there was no reason for me to still be there and I kept having to explain to her that I was waiting on her to call the surgeon. She was so inattentive and rude! When I was finally ready to go, she had a clumsy and inexperienced student take out my IV even though I had previously explained that I was not good with needles, probably as a repayment for pressing the nurse call button the ridiculously amount of ONCE or TWICE an HOUR! Usually to ask for something I had already asked for and not received! Just a horrible hospital full of extremely rude, incompetent people who don't care a whit!
I'm all about being healthy and supporting local businesses. I decided to check out kodis since I'm huge on my dogs health and that's what they advertise. I was super excited to finally check them out since having a wonderful experience at Pet Planet and learning to much from their employees. I was highly disappointed with the greeting I received upon walking into Kodis. That is, if you would even call it a greeting. Rhonda made me feel so uncomfortable. It was as though I was bothering her by having walked in the store. Needless to say I walked right out and drove right over to Pet Planet at Squaw Peak Plaza. I was greeted by a warm friendly smile ready to help and engage in the well-being of my dog. I was interested in learning about some of the products at Kodis, but regardless, I will NEVER step foot in that establishment again!
I can't comment on the actual services because we ended up walking out after waiting over an hour for a pedicure that was said to be only a 15 minute wait. In the hour we were there, not one person was finished and four people still sat waiting in the chairs to have a nail tech even come over. Sorry, there are too many other nail places around. We will never come back again.
They Horrible Service And Hospitality, I Was Charged and Never Got Any Pictures Nor DVD. Because of the baby's position, and in order to reschedule I have to pay again, so I will be reporting them to the better business bureau
The service was rude and when I left my car there for nearly two hours they still couldn't manage to get the oil change done by the time they said they would.
All I wanted was for my car to be cleaned. First I get there and as one of the girls is vacuuming my cat she's looking at her phone. Second there's like 2 cars being cleaned, mines being the 3 and there's like 6 people. Lucky the older lady there was about the only one doing her job. She cleaned it and the girl who.from before was vacuuming my car starts to clean it again. Anyways I SPECIFICALLY asked for NO air fresheners. This guy comes up to my car and starts to spray air freshener. Ugh!! I was very frustrated and NEVER will I go there again. All because I didn't want to drive to my regular car wash
I thought I would have a chill evening with the boys. We have been waiting what feels like forever for this place to open! So we were so excited. Hubby's out o'town and we came up here. There was a crush so we decided to place a to-go order. As I was standing, ready and waiting to place my order, they fielded calls from people and took phone orders right in front of me. I could have called from my cell phone while standing there and been ahead of myself? So I end up placing my order and I left and came back after 40 minutes (couldn't keep my kids calm in there that long) and they don't have my order. Poof. It had disappeared. An employee kept asking me for my phone number even after I told them I had ordered it in person. I actually had to tell her to stop and listen to what I was saying. Finally the manger comes over and I came up with my receipt. The manager looks at it and keeps saying, "He rang it up wrong. This says delivery." (The person who helped me was female, so I have no idea who he is talking about.) Then the employee who took my order came over as the manager is about to hand me 2 salads. He read the receipt number incorrectly, she informs him I ordered a pizza. Then after a few clicks on the register he said to me, "I put your money back on your card." And he walks off. This paragon of communication says nothing else so I assume it was a dismissal and I head for the door. I had 3 hungry, tired boys and, apparently, I needed to go find food elsewhere. At this point it had been over an hour. I was trying to navigate the stroller out the door as the gal who took my order chased me out and promised to deliver it for free. I was afraid it would taste like sawdust just because I was so angry. Fast forward another half an hour...We get our pizza and I was trying to be objective. It was doughy because it was undercooked and the bottom was positively coated with corn meal so in turn it coated my tongue every time I took a bite. And looking at my bank account today, I see that the expansive loquacious manager did NOT reverse the charge. So I paid to wait almost 2 hours, listen to my kids whine, drive there twice, be ignored by employees, disrespected by management only to finally be disappointed by the corn meal pizza. The garrulous manager probably refunded those people their salads. I hope they were better than my pizza. :(
Don't know the Spazzi on Carefree Hwy !!! , but LOVE the Spazzi Nails on Cave Creek Rd. they are NOT affiliated !!
DO NOT MOVE HERE!!!!! I Cannot wait until my lease ends in 3 weeks!! The property is extremely dirty and so are most of the poeple who live there. Where I was touring the property, of course the model looked really nice and during the day the landscape and everything else looks pretty decent, but at night it's a whole different story. Loud music at all hours of th day and night, loud obnoxious neighbors and trash everywhere! I moved to the property becuase the rent was pretty cheap and I was saving for my wedding and house and also because it's near the freeway and Tempe School District. I wanted my daughter to be able to attend the that disctrcit and her school bus picks her up in front of the complex which is about the only good think about this place. From the morning I walked in to sign my lease, there were problems. I showed up at 9am (when they opened) and was told I needed to wait 20 minutes because they had not typed up my lease yet, even though I pushed back my move in date by a whole week, they still weren't ready. And since they were under staffed and had temps and new people working in the office that day, it took over an hour for for me to sign my lease and get my keys. Which was a hugh inconvenience since I had movers waiting for me at my old aptarment. Then I get a call the next day telling me, they had me sign the wrong lease and I needed to go back in and sign the right one. They also never gave me a gate card when I signed my lease so I had no way of entering the property that entire 1st day unless I waited for someone that was leaving or coming in to open the gate. The apartments are so old and cheap! Everything broke in my apartment! The living room fan, shower slidding door, water heater and garbage disposal broke just to name a few. Oh and the stackable washer and dryer (which will hold about 5 items at a time cause it's so damn small) has been leaking for months but since when they come to look at it, it doesnt leak, they won't fix it. It took them 4 days to fix that water heater, so me and my daughter had to take cold showers that whole time. Another problem I had was when my packages were delivered to the office. I would receive a slip in the mailbox letting me know there was a package for me in the office, and would be told there ws no package when I would go to the office. I do a lot of internet shopping, so this began to get annoying really fast. Having to keep going back to the office and keep being told even though the package shows delivered by the shipping company, and signed for by the leasing staff, it doesn't mean it was delivered. Super annoying!! Especially since it ws in the office the entire time! BASELINE TRAFFIC!!!!! The worst traffic I have ever experienced and I've lived in Phoneix area my whole life! It would sometimes take me 20 mintues to get from my apartment to the I-10, whcih is maybe a mile away at the most. The intercection in front of the property is ALWAYS congested going east and coming west from the I-10 to the complex. It's a daily nightmare. I have to leave about 15-20 earlier just to travel a mile away. And since I've lived there (about 13 months) there have been about 6 accidents in close proximity to the complex. People ALWAYS run red lights at the 46th st/Baseline intercection. Very scary!! Recently when I went in to riesign my month to month leave (since my new place won't be completed for another month) the new guy in the office told me their late fee policy changed and I had until the 3rd to pay without a fee, Well of course that ended up not being true and I received late fees starting the 2nd of the month, even though I paid on the 3rd. When I called to ask about it, Casey told me that was not true and the guy didn't remember telling me that at all and she was extremely rude and condecending about it. I've seen her speak to other people the same way when I've been in the office. Also, after I resigned the new lease, the office manager, Janice, called me asking when I would be in to sign my lease. Apparently they don't communicate very well and dont keep good record in the office. Not to mention the same guy called me back to ask for my renters insurance info, even though I had emailed it to him at the same time I resinged my lease. Super annoying to get bothered at work for uneccessary things. Yes, the rent is cheap, but remember you get what you pay for. The property is old and outdated. The "upgrades" are a joke. Just some fresh paint and newr looking appliances. It's total smoke and mirrors! The frustration you will experince is NOT worth the money you may save on rent. NOT WORTH IT AT ALL!!!!
Ate the chicken burrito here and was stunned that my order was "complete" it felt like half of my burrito was still left behind the counter somewhere. Felt sick after eating here which tells me the ingredients are low quality. Cashier rolled her eyes when I asked for additional chips. Would not recommend this place to anyone. Taco Bell is across the street, and even though I try to stay away from fast food, next time I feel like Mexican I'll hit up the bell.
This place is horrible. We have lived here since 2007, and at first we thought it was OK. Then they started charging us for everything under the sun. There's a fee to have our trash picked up (which we never use because our apartment is right next to a dumpster so we just walk our trash bags to the dumpster), there's a fee for cable (which we also don't use...we spend most of our time studying). There is also an HOA fee (which is odd since that's supposed to apply to property you own, not rent). And, of course, none of the fees are optional. They are absolutely mandatory, regardless of whether you use the service or not. And they don't ever mention these fees until right before you sign the lease. So whatever they quote you for rent, don't take their word. They will bait and switch you, and you can count on the rent being at least $200-300 more than what they tell you initially. They also forced (and I do mean forced...this was another of their wonderful non-negotiable situation) us out of our apartment for 15 days so they could remodel it. We had to move all of our stuff to the garage, and since we don't have family or friends here we had to get a hotel room for 15 days. Not exactly cheap. And the best part of the whole thing was that they still charged us rent for the full month, even though we didn't have any access to our apartment whatsoever for half of that month. And on top of everything else, the management is getting worse and won't respond to complaints. I have gone into the office to pick up packages recently, and it's almost like they're playing a game to see how long you'll wait for one of them to help you before you get pissed. Please, whatever you do, don't rent here. We plan on complaining to the BBB as soon as we find somewhere else to go, because this place is terrible. And if you think the rent seems like a good deal, it's not! They're just going to bait and switch. Avoid this place!
I spoke to a sales person over the phone that after hearing my initial budget told me that I was better served at David's Bridal where the cheap dress were. I mentioned that I found a dress online and wanted to see dresses like it and obtain measurements. I was informed that due to my budget take my own measurements and save the $75 dollars. Apologizing after insulting me. I asked to clarify, to set an appointment it would be $75 to walk through their door, she said yes, unless I lied and hadn't found a dress online that I liked. So, as they were the first salon I contacted in my Bridal Gown search, including online looking. I say buyer beware. I guess they screen who they help, I could have loved one of their dresses and purchased. Hope someone else has better luck, even if I wanted to spend beyond my initial budget (which most brides do) they won't see one red penny. I suggest you spend your "budget" elsewhere as well. Horrible salesmanship, degrading a bride trying to find her dress. Unspeakable. Bride in Tears, nice job Strut.
Walked in.. Waited, waited, waited... bartender saw us just... waiting...then we left... Thanks Grind....
We drove from Goodyear to try the burgers. We had seen the TV show recommendation and read the great reviews. Our experience was not the same. We specifically asked for medium rare burgers. The very center was medium rare and the rest was well done. The $11 drink I ordered was to be topped with Champagne. There were NO BUBBLES in my drink, so where was the Champagne? The service was mediocre at best. The butterscotch topped donuts that everyone raved about were small, greasy, and overcooked. The sauce was caramel NOT butterscotch. The macaroni and cheese was runny and wouldn't stay on the noodles. One of TV's was playing a show about facial surgery on the cleft lips of children from poverty stricken countries. Gross!! $60 later- we were disappointed and we won't ever be back. We should have known better when we drove up on a Saturday night and most of the tables were empty and only 2 people were at the bar. Huge waste of money. Our dog ate the well done burger meat.
How often is it you see a chain fall so far from the standards for such a long period of time and yet corporate seems to just let them limp along. It's a new , ok relatively new building but it doesn't look it. Tonight is the second night we've been in a two month period were no fountain drinks no cafes or drinks other than bottled water, apple juice or milk were around. It's not like we frequent the place but when someone puts out a habanero burger I feel obligated to support em. Sadly the burger was the least juicy, scant of dressing one I've encountered so while it hints at getting hot there's not enough on it to find out. They appear, no let's be bold here and state it , they reheat / refry their "premium" crispy chicken wrap it's nasty even before you get to tonight's surprise which is rancid ranch... Yeah a bite and a run to the trash can to hurl it out.. As usual no receipt, no real F's given about the lack of drinks, slow service in fact the opposite of the one up at T Bird / I17 If you have to eat fast and can go the extra couple of miles it probably will save you time and result in edible food
Most terrible dining experience of my existence. First of all, it was a total sensory overload. They had a moving playing, music blaring, and then the sound of traffic (which is admittedly unavoidable). Now to the heart of the matter: the food. The ribs were at least 50% fat. The curly fries were bland, greasy, soggy, and unpalatable. And the portions! If you want a ridiculously large amount of food, this is the place for you but I thought it was disgusting and so unhealthy, not that I was expecting much nutritional value. I will never go there again and I strongly advise that you just avoid it.
The sushi was so horrible that it was the first time I had to return sushi in my entire 15 15 year sushi history. It is truly not a sushi place they are in a awesome location and I believe it gets a great deal of business because of location not taste.
The bartender was friendly, but the sushi was bad. The rice was so sticky it was mushy, kinda like paste. And the Godzilla roll had something non edible in it, with a hit of cleaning product to taste. Needless to say, but we won't go back.
I wanted to take my mom here for her birthday. I passed three empty tables in the outside seating area on my way in and asked for a table for 3. I get told there is a 15 minute wait. Not a minute later a group of 4 walks up and is seated immediately at one of the open tables. I go in and ask about this and get told there's "not enough staff to cover those tables". I enjoy coming here but this was rude and disappointing.
Service was good, food was poor.
2nd attempt at this place. The only reason we did go back is that we had a gift certificate (which is now useless). Aftef the disappointment a few weeks back we decided fo call to be sure they had a cook on duty and we could get something to eat. They told us they would be serviing appetizers until 7pm. We got there about 2:30 and asked the bartender/manager if they had a cook there and got a completely different story than the one on the phone. Not only do they no longer serve lunch or dinner but they don't even serve appetizers. What a crock of ____!!! How can they ever stay in business? People want food when they are drinking. The manager gave us a story that they bought only the bar and the restaurant was a separate entity..We will definitely not be going back for the 3rd time nor ever again. Kiss my certificate goodbye!!!!!!
Prices a little lower than other car rental companies at Phoenix Skyharbor, but employees at night have bad attitudes and hide when customer lines form. Best bet for surly service and smoky cars.
Regrettably I was here a few months back for a friend's birthday, and while the vehemence of my disdain has been allowed to cool with the ensuing time since my visit, I now know with a particular level of certainty why you shouldn't waste any of your hard earned benjamin's here. -crowds: granted it is in the Biltmore, so your bound to be surrounded with yuppies, however if you truly analyze the setting of this restaurant it's essentially an option in a food court of a pretentious mall masquerading as something else. lets be fair though, most places in Az are in some form of strip mall setting, but in all honesty isnt the Biltmore just another shopping mall? -rude servers: now there is any number of reasons why a server has the right to be a little curt, I'm not saying that a server needs to be a ball of sunshine to satisfy me, but open hostility, resentment, and referring to one of my friends with a pretty strong homophobic slur is in my eyes unacceptable. -inflated prices: $10 for a burger? to quote Wayne's World "SHUHHH" NO WAY!? WAAAY." There'd be no complaints to that price tag if the burger was actually worth it, what your paying for is what my Peruvian friend's realtor mom likes to call "Locacion, Locacion, Locacion" -mediocre burgers: along the lines with the last comment, the burgers here are surely "meh, i've had better" 2 stars at best. For a pricier burger that you'll be glad to shell out a hamilton and a few washingtons for go to Phoenix City Grille, now they know how to make a burger and treat customers Simply put Zinburger has no Zen, and it leaves you with the same taste in your mouth that a haiku written by George Carlin might.
We went to the Vig Uptown last night for dinner and to say I was not impressed would be an understatement. The food is eh, at best or in my case caused digestive distress throughout the evening and to top it off the service is abysmal. The cool setting and decor are indeed the pretty window dressing to disguise the mediocrity you will consume if you patronize this establishment. Here are a few tips for the Vig: people enjoy drinks and just because they order one does not mean they are done for the entire evening. Ask everyone for a drink. Ask people if they need anything. Ask the customer if they are enjoying their meal. Ask. ... Talk to the customer, don't mumble. Know the menu... Just a enough to make a recommendation. Oh, not just one person wants a desert, it is likely that in a party of nine, more than one person will want a desert... I know at least five people at the table that for sure were not asked for a dessert at all. In a neighborhood filled with amazing trendy restaurants that have not forgotten that it is the food and the service that make the business the Vig has hefty competition and if my stomach has any say will someday soon fade into oblivion while it's competition prospers.
I hate to do this because I don't want to be negative but the service is terrible. Late and inconsistent frequently. I understand mistakes but not repeatedly. Sorry. :( If you want to gamble on timeliness and quality service then these are your guys. Caution!
This place is so disgustingly dirty. The staff was incredibly rude and the food was insanely over priced. There is no excuse for how nasty the staff was. I will NEVER return. Not much else to say.
Decided to try Safeway's home delivery. Glad we used the "free" delivery code for the first delivery (and last delivery). We didn't set our expectations very high, we knew there would be some product change out due to the lack of bar code/item number ordering, no biggie. Over half our order wasn't even packed to be delivered. The delivery driver was really nice and very professional. We called customer service right after the driver left and were greeted very ho-hum, you called for what? The gentleman on the other end of the phone wasn't very concerned with taking care of the customer. His fix was to credit an item that was rotten and the remainder of our order would be delivered before end of day. NOT! We got a phone call at the end of the day that the delivery would not be coming back out to our house today, so we would have to reschedule the delivery. Good thing we were trying their service and didn't have an immediate need for the items they neglected to send the first time. Over all we are really disappointed in the quality check for the fresh items, accuracy check for the items ordered and the lack of customer service provided by the initial gentleman on the phone. Safeway delivery made no real effort to take care of us the customer.
Taco Bell is more authentic then this place! The chips and salsa are alright however the food was not edible, seriously! I was the only person in the place and it took 20 minutes to get 2 carne asada tacos!
I only been to Verde only one time and it looks like it will be the only time I walked thru its doors. The staff was observant and showed patience as I discovered their menu. I never thought I can take so much time deciding what to get from a limited menu. I believed there was like 5 combinations to choose from, well of course, with rice and beans. I got the red chill beef. This plate was looking good when I got it, until I put it in my mouth. The burro was like ugh. The beef was stale and they compromise by over seasoning it. I couldn't understand they would waste an awesome tortilla on this dish. The rice and beans were just okay. Their price I would say is slightly over priced (under $10) only because I felt so unsatisfied. One thing that I really liked is they make their tortillas on site. I Left unimpressed, unsatisfied and frustrated with their "white people's" Mexican food.
After I wrote about my bitter experience after the death of my daughter almost two months ago, I was hoping for but only half-expecting a response. Didn't get one, or so I thought. Just found this gem in my junkmail folder. This message sounds like a forced apology to me, not heartfelt or sincere -- all about her, not one word of concern for a client who is hurting badly. How sad. Hello Betina, I just wanted to send my sincere apologies for our exchange last week. I have felt very bad about it ever since. I understand that you will probably not ever return to Hot Yoga Ahwatukee but I at least wanted to say I am sorry. Sandra (That's the owner.)
If you go to the USPS website and try to reserve a PO Box at this location (which I did in March of 2013), it tells you there are none available, but if you sign up to be on the waiting list, they will email you when one is available and it's your turn. I waited and waited....an waited. So finally the other day I'm in this location mailing a package. The lady helps me, I pay and we're done. Right before I leave, I asked "I'm just curious, but does someone have to die before a P O Box becomes available here?" She informed me that they had plenty of boxes available. Really? I relayed the above information to her and she could not have cared less. I asked to speak to the P O Box policeman on duty (aka PO box clerk) and she said he had just left. It was 10:13 a.m. When I asked her "Do you ever wonder why the USPS loses a reported $25,000,000 per day?" She just looked confused.
My girlfriend was looking on the internet for Urgent Care spots so I could go and take care of my wheezing problem. She suggested this place and told me that first time visitors only pay a $29 co-pay. I took a look at it myself and figured I'd check it out today. When I arrived no one was at the front counter. The lady soon appeared and the first thing she tells me is about a $49 co-pay. I showed her the ad online which clearly stated that first visits are $29. She dismissed that by saying that the ad is over a year old. I was frustrated because she was not helpful at all. She tells me that I would have to wait at least 45 min even though there were only two patients there and all she kept mentioning were prices even though I didnt ask for any of that info. I will not go back to the place. She was rude and left a sour taste in my mouth upon leaving.
Very disappointed because I was expecting havanna cafe but we tried it anyway. Service was slow and the food was terrible. Extremely limited menu.
Used to live near Rokerji and Richardson, loved it. When I read this was close to my new place and not chain, I was very excited. The bar is a dimpled copper and they do use hatch chili, but it pretty much stops there. The waitress was present at first but slow. The stuffed poblano was tasty, but the corn was cold. I ordered the green chili stew dinner next. The stew had chili but no salt or other seasoning at all. When the waitress stopped by to ask how it was and I commented about the lack of salt, she replied "that's why we put it on the table". As I continued to eat it, I found chili skin after chili skin. I finally gave up. When I mentioned that I was disappointed due to the pepper skins, her response was "they are chili not peppers". I simply smiled and asked her to take it back. She did and brought me the bill, with the stew on it, despite less than 1/4 of it gone. Mediocre food, rotten service, even worse customer service. If you want good New Mexico food, drive the distance to Richardson's or if you don't want to drive, stick with Ariba's, but DO NOT go to Secreto.
I don't generally like fast food because it's just gross but I was starving and we had a 3 hour layover. My sub was like eating a brick of salt. I could only eat half of it and that was really pushing it. I asked the cashier for a napkin. She pointed to the empty containers and told me they were over there. After looking and telling her they were empty she sent someone out to refill them. I waited 10 minutes for a napkin.
I went here on my birthday. Had a coupon for buy one get one free TURKEY teriyaki burgers. Was rudely cut off while making order. What I received was teriyaki hamburgers. They made me and a friend feel sick that night. Was told that I'd get a call back and my money. Never got a refund or call back. Complained to the Better Business Bureau and they never responded. Go else where for better food and service.
Not even worth 1 star! This location is SLOW!!!! I waited in a packed drive thru for a half an hour until I got my meal. I come here a few times a week and my order is usually wrong. It seems like the people that work here are more interested in having fun with each other then actually doing their job. After today I have made the decision ever to eat here again.
We just finished eating here. We went at 6:45pm on Saturday 11/30/13. We paid went inside and found a seat. All was fine until we went up to get some food to start our feast. To our disappointment there was really nothing to choose from. 2 slices of pepperoni pizza, a taco bar, a full salad bar, a couple pieces of meat loaf and some old fried chicken. They were not busy when we arrived either and there were just a few people dining at the time. They call themselves the Old Country Buffet but, nothing country about it. Mashed potatoes were instant, no fried okra, no bbq the list goes on. Everything they had was old and cold sitting in the window for who knows how long? We were there for an hour and the only thing that came out fresh was a pan of orange chicken. That whole pan of fresh orange chicken was then taken by the family at the table in front of ours. Yes, literally the entire pan of it. The staff that pick up your old plates were very friendly though. We will never eat here again due to lack of selection and poor food quality. It was a rip off at $42.39 for 2 adults and 2 children. Very disappointed in the selection of menu items! We will be way better off going to the Golden Corral from now on. The Golden Corral has a much better selection of menu items to choose from! I hope this helps if your like us and are in a toss up between the two resturants. In my opinion the Old Country Buffet on Metro Parkway is by far the worst buffet we've ate at thus far in the Valley!
I have used this company about 3 times and every time they have been late! I don't know why but I felt I should give them another chance each time. Yesterday the owner Skyland over slept for my appointment and rescheduled for today and has been a no show so far. In this economy I don't know how someone trying to start and run their own business can afford to treat customers, repeat cutstomers this way. When they do come they do a good job, but the lack of professionalism and tardiness is unacceptable. They have never offered any compensation or adjustments for being late. A small apology and a terrible excuse is all I got. Go with a reputable company and skip this terrible and unprofessional company!
We purchased a groupon for the seven (7) course tasting dinner. We frequent downtown and like to try different restaurants. We were excited about the restaurant and this tasting menu as we have done them at a few restaurants including Christopher's, which is excellent! What we were served could not even qualify for an 'appetizer tasting' !! The salad was small, room temperature and sweet with really nothing else on it! The second course was one piece of asparagus cut into three pieces and wrapped with prosciutto, I told my husband to be patient as the third course was an entre' course. It was the SMALLEST THINNEST, (3) 1 x 2 pieces of tuna I have EVER seen!!!! We said something to the waiter, not really wanting to complain?, and he said the owner was going to stop by our table but he NEVER did!! In fact he went out of his way to ignore us. The fourth dish was 2 1" x 1" pieces of pork and mine was half fat. It came with potatoes that were stacked and hard and little to no cream as they were supposed to be some sort of scalloped potatoes. The fifth course was two 1/4 oz pieces of cheese and a 1" x 3" piece of focaccia. The sixth course was a 3/4 inch round truffle and the sixth course was actually a small puff pastry with 'chocolate soup'. We had the wine course which was just O.K.. even though our Red wine came in a white wine glass which we then asked for a red wine glass and the comment was 'That's what the owner wants! Our bill was $195.00 which was a SHOCK and a FLAT OUT RIPPOFF!!!! The waiter commented about our '$100.00 coupon' so the bill came to $95.00 which is what we owed because the wine tasting, tax and 20% tip onto the original amount (which would be normal but not for what our ONE HOUR tasting DINNER took!! I do not understand that when an owner and entrepreneur has the opportunity to showcase his establishment to new customers that he takes that opportunity to rip off the customer instead!! ...this is what we received ss our 'dinner'. We left hungry, VERY DISAPPOINTING to say the least and we just feel RIPPED OFF on top of it!! If he doesn't want to offer specials....he should just not offer them instead of ripping off the public!!! I honestly have never written a review like this before and have a few choice words regarding the owner and establishment which I cannot say but wish I could. It is such a disgrace to his profession and I used to be in that profession!!! He should be ashamed but I have a feeling he really doesn't care as it is such a small restaurant that he obviously knows what goes on every second he is there!!! Shame on you!!!
Left him a voice mail with my phone number asking for an estimate. No call back. Went with another painter. Since this man is now calling me a liar with a "fake review", here is the information from my phone log... I called you on 3/30/2014 @ 4:48 PM AZ time and left you a message giving both my name and phone number several times in the message as well as what I wanted to have done. This is not a fake review. Had you called me back or even replied here with something other than hate, I could have corrected my review or even removed it. Now, I think I will leave it, so others can see the kind of treatment they will get if they make you angry. Very glad I never let you into my home.
I took a package with a preprinted label on it to return to amazon. They took the package, and lost it. They refused to take responsibility for it even after I gave them the package number and asked me repeatedly if maybe I just thought I took it there. I live right down the road so went here out of convenience but never will again!
Great improvements to the interior by new owners but what a disappointment when the food was served. Cheap price but the quality shows why. Egg drop soup had only broth and eggs. Pupu platter was a varied of fried and over cooked meats...HORRIBLE! Emperor chicken was so salty and mainly fried breading...where's the meat? We won't return even if it is cheep. I'd rather eat at the Wendy's next door!
came in tonight with the $7.99 Friday Fish Fry coupon. Fish was OK; definitely not Cod. The cole slaw was too soggy and too sweet. Also, the Friday Fish Fry was NOT all you can eat. all the restaurants in Phoenix that do FFF's are ALWAYS all you can eat! No wonder there were only three dining tables filled with customers! I am not coming back! In addition the place looked like a Cowboy bar more than amything and the atmosphere was lousy. I will be surprised if this place lasts through the summer of 2012.
Good God, talk about the longest, weakest pedicure ever. I was already at the mall, and thought I'd spoil myself by getting the first pedicure I'd had in awhile. First off, the water was cold, and when one of the employees adjusted it, it was still tepid. Secondly, the massaging chair? Didn't massage. I don't know if they only turned it on to the rocket launch setting for folks who had both hands and feet done, but the guy who did my nails ignored me come-puh-LEET-ly as he was doing his thing, and didn't seem to understand me when I asked him a question. I went for the sloughing of mes pieds because I go barefoot all the time. So, the nail tech pulled out what appeared to be a cheese grater. He went to town after he soaked my feet in some goo and wrapped them in saran wrap. When he was finished, he shook the item in question in the aforementioned cold water, cleaned it, and left it in the foot bath with my feet for awhile. I know it's my dead skin, but I didn't really want to have it floating around in the water with me. The nail tech failed to mention that white tips were extra when he asked me what color I wanted, so I was startled when the cost of the pedicure was $10 more than the sign outside proclaimed. I was willing to pay extra for the grooming of my hillbilly feet, but a heads up about the extra $5 for white tips would have been awesome. Finally, he finished, wandered off, and he just let me sit there. I wasn't even sure if this guy was coming back, or if someone else is going to remove the cotton from between my feet and give me some gnarly flip flops. When he did come back eventually, I was so bored and restless, I was mad I had to pay $27 for something I could have done at home, braless and comfortable, with some freakin' WARM water. My friend and I paid him and hightailed it out of there. Bottom line: Forget these schmucks. I'm glad I did some maintenance on my lovely feet, but I will definitely yelp where I'm going before I patronize the place!
Food is awful. Seating arrangements it is like you are sitting on top of people and you could hear all conversations.
My first experience here was short, sweet, and to the point. It was pleasurable. In other words, I had been eagerly anticipating a return. My second experience was cause enough to never return. Picture this- there were perhaps 10-20 patrons in attendance, and mind you, 'twas about 1:15AM when we arrived. We had no intent to bowl as they have a spectacular looking bar that actually showcases local artists' works (I'd give them more than two thumbs up if I physically could for this) so the idea was to grab a few cocktails. Service was lackadaisical at best even though we were the only ones at the bar itself. The epic fail that we ran headfirst into was the extreme absence of management, poor salesmanship on behalf of the bartenders, and the uber extremism of the "bouncers." Unfortunately whenever there are a bunch of guys behind me yelling at me to "get out" after the bartender has just delivered a drink, I am going to be a bit frustrated. By the way, it was still before 2:00AM. Ultimately it's a shame. As I was walking out I told one of the "bouncers" that I would never be back, to which he replied, "It's no skin off my back." For a service-based business in downtown Phoenix to have such a blatant disregard for any patronage they may acquire is simply dumbfounding. I live a few blocks away and whole-heartedly wanted this place to be a "go to" spot for when friends and family from other parts of the valley and from out of state visit, but if the "bouncers" are the only voice here then I would prefer to give my business to anywhere besides Lucky Strike.
I've been to Lucky Strike a few times and have loved it. I usually sit in the bar or lounge area with great service. However based on my last time there, I will probably not go back. I was there for lunch, and our server was great and telling us she was about to relocate. We wished her luck and told her that she would be hard to replace. Then out of no where this guy was behind the bar(i'm guessing a manager), said "no she's not hard to replace". Are you kidding me!!!!!! This is how management treats their staff? After I ate, I asked the server if I could see the manager. She told me she would be right back to go look for him. About 10 min later, she came back and told me the manager didn't have time to speak with me. This is absolutely crazy!!!!!! I definitely won't be back, and will tell my friends not to go there, even though the service and food is good. There are plenty of places in downtown to support where the management treats their staff properly.
Do NOT put your hard earned money into this place. The instructors are good but my favorite ones left after having their paychecks bounce. Some of them have never been paid. This means you may pay for classes and show up one day to find the doors locked. After researching this business I found several judgements against them for not paying their bills.
They went out of business. They do not respond to calls or emails. They are not issuing refunds.
Dear Phoenix, The psychiatrist called and you are certifiably insane. Why are you as crazy as a coconut? The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result. Arizona Center? Entire second-story "food court" is now offices. Huge turnover in retail tenants. Nothing faces the street. FAIL. Mercado? Does anyone even know what businesses were originally here? FAIL. Collier Center? Never built out in its entirety. Number of businesses are not easily accessible from street. FAIL. CityScape? Ginormous blank wall facing street. Pedestrian skyway allows people to "leave" Phoenix streets for "safety" of "mall-like atmosphere." Probably going to FAIL. Downtown Phoenix will thrive when planners FINALLY realize that a great downtown consists of vibrant street life, one-of-a-kind retail/eateries/bars/entertainment venues (housed in equally unique physical spaces) and - most important of all - the overarching creation of the kind of all encompassing urban environment whereby pedestrians are free to get lost, explore and feel enchanted by the spaces surrounding them. CityScape, unfortunately, fails to help Phoenix achieve a single one of the aforementioned elements of a great downtown or, excuse my thievery, cityscape. Why do you even call this massive development CityScape from the start? I mean, isn't a cityscape supposed to be the sum total of the city's built environment? Here, it looks like CityScape (I hope you're paying attention to my purposeful capitalization) is simply attempting to be a cartoon of a cityscape. Your treatment plan: take two Prozacs (make sure to buy them at the exciting, new CVS drugstore), and then - when you're in a more stable frame of mind - figure out how to get some amazing, interesting, unique, totally cool, only-in-Phoenix, Phoenician tenants to occupy the beautiful Luhrs buildings across the street from your latest architectural and urban planning disaster. Get well soon, Sanity
Good job Phoenix you made something that sucks worse then the Arizona Center!
Where do I start? Went there during happy hour they had a table tent with the happy hour specials. They listed a few drink and appetizer specials. So I picked the humus but they did not have stuffed grape leaves (one of my favorite things) on the happy hour list. No big deal I will pay the regular price for them, so I looked on the regular menu and no stuffed grape leaf appetizer. They did however have them as an entre. I asked the server and she said no problem she could make up an appetizer for us. The humus was almost edible and the stuffed grape leaves were just simple horrible. The stuffing had a strange unpleasant taste. The grape leaves were though and stringy and all of this was covered in a clumpy thick white gravy? Good thing they had drink specials to was the taste out of my mouth. The main meal was bland and greasy. The servers and the manger were sitting at a table diagonal from us having a better time the most of the dinners. A side from being entertained by the staffs' conversation my wife and I noticed while we were eating other customers kept walking past bring back plates of food. We assumed that they had some sort of dinner buffet. We were wrong on the way out we noticed a sign that said they had a free happy hour buffet. And that the horrible stuffed grape leaves that our server so kindly was able to get us as an appetizer and charge us $7.00 for was part of the free buffet along with our happy hour special price $4.00 humus. So if you want to pay for really bad food brought to you by people who just don't care this is the place for you.
Don't even think about being late to your appointment! Let me preface this by saying I am not a big fan of suddenly slimmer who owns Rio Wax. I used to go there quite often but after being treated so rudely several times, I decided to spend my money elsewhere. I purchased a groupon for Rio Wax & was excited that Danielli opened her own place because she was the only good thing about suddenly slimmer. Of course everyone else feels the same way so it is nearly impossible to get an appt with her. The first few times I went to Rio Wax, I had as much of a pleasant experience as one can have when she gets a wax service. The people were nice, I was satisfied with the results, it was kind-of pricey but overall worth it. This last visit reminded me of being at Suddenly Slimmer all over again. I scheduled an appointment 3 weeks in advance as I prepared for a vacation to Cabo. I called on my way to let them know I would be 5 - 10 minutes late since there was an accident by my house & I would have to go a different route. The girl on the phone told me they may not be able to hold my appointment because they had back to back appointments. This surprised me considering I was doing the courteous thing by calling ahead & it was not something I had any control over. She put me on hold & came back & said that would be fine. She failed to mention there was construction on Indian School Road & you could not make a left turn onto 32nd street. Anyway, by the time I made it through that mess, I was a whopping 7 minutes late. I walked in & apologized. The receptionist then proceeds to tell me the esthetician may or may not be able to complete my entire wax. I nearly dropped my jaw. I don't know about you but I have sat in that waiting room plenty of times because they were behind & never once complained & this was the answer I get for being 7 minutes late! If this was such a problem, then offer an alternative time. It wouldn't have thrilled me to have to go back later but it was better than offering me a partial wax! I voiced all of this & reminded them that there are plenty of other salons in this city. I'm in the customer service industry & I understand things don't always work out the way we would like & it is not always easy to accommodate everyone but at least find an alternative solution. If you look at Suddenly Slimmers reviews, you would think Rio Wax would want to build a better name for themselves.
I was first introduced to Bliss/Rebar in the winter of 2011 on a First Friday night. I instantly fell in love with the atmosphere and cool vibe, the bar patrons are an array of different mixes, cultures and backgrounds, I loved this place. Well imagine my surprise when the next day my friend takes me to weekend brunch. $10 bottles of mimosas? Yes please! I came to Bliss for brunch for the entire first half of 2012, I loved this place. The service was excellent, the wait staff was incredibly attentive and helpful, and the food and drink specials were like no others. Many a times my friends tried to persuade me to go to FEZ or Switchbar, but no I was faithful to Bliss. This all changed until one day I wanted to impress my lovely LA based friend. That's when the universe decided to teach me a lesson in humility. We arrive at Bliss on a Sunday morning; I went to the host/hostess table, empty. Not a big deal, really not a big deal. Someone who appeared to be a patron stood up from his table to inform me the host would be there shortly. I thanked him and waited. The host arrived, took my name and let me know there was a 20 minute wait. Perfect, we made our way to the bar. The bar atmosphere was great, they had tv's playing the college basketball games, the music was loud enough but not too loud. The service from our bartender was excellent. We see people at the bar ordering food and receiving their food very quickly, we were amazed how fast the food was coming out. We were then informed our table was ready, and to be honest we were a little bummed to be leaving the bar area, especially since we could have ordered our food there. Regardless, we took our table and waited for our server to come. And waited. And waited. And waited. After about a 20 minute wait, I know what you are thinking and I would love to tell you that yes I am exaggerating the time but I am not; I went to ask the host when our server would be with us, he then asked me who our server was, "uh I'm not sure, they haven't come around" was my honest reply, unfazed the host told me he would get someone right away. I would love to say they were extremely busy; I would love to say perhaps they didn't see us; I would love to say we were a drunken mess; I would love to say we were dressed in rags. But no, they were no busier than other brunch places midday, there were about 4 servers on the floor and we were right in the middle of the restaurant, right in the middle, we were not drunk and I'd like to think we were dressed nicely. About 5 minutes later, someone does come around, not a server, but another host. Whatever, he's nice enough and takes our order. So we sit and wait for our food. And waited. And waited. And waited, an additional 30 minutes. Did I mention the two hot guys behind us got their meal before us? Oh yeah, well they did. At that moment I wished I was a hot guy, but no I was just a mildly attractive late 20's female who was starving. We finally get our food. The nice host who took our order comes around and asks if we are doing ok, and I hate to be that table. But we were that table. We asked to see the manager. The manager was very apologetic, and he did take our meal off the bill. Unfortunately this is not what I had set out to get accomplished that morning. I had wanted to show my friend a good time in my city, at the places I patronize, eventually I did when we went to good ol' Charlie's, but that's not the point. Not only was our service terrible and lackadaisical, I asked to switch my bacon for turkey sausage and was given bacon, when the manager came out he informed us it was because they do not have sausage at the restaurant, our server/host did not inform us about that. I do not blame him as he was simply covering for someone else, but this is a perfect example of what may happen when you have a host do the wait staff's job. I don't know what happened at Bliss this time and why the service was horrible, perhaps it was a fluke, but to be honest I have never been treated with such disregard I will not be going back to see if indeed it was a fluke. If the restaurant and servers were busy it would have been only courteous for someone to have told us so, rather than have us wait without an explanation, or an offer of water. I'm glad to see other people have had better experiences; I was once a part of the majority as well. I really hope this is not a sign of things to come at Bliss.
The staff was really great. The food, however, was not worth the money. The reviews about the happy hour are right on, this would be a great place to visit for cocktails. The Chilean sea bass was $38, overpriced. The homemade pastas were gummy and the sauces lacked flavor. The Ragu pasta is just that, Ragu you can buy at the grocery store. The cream sauce for the tortellini was the consistency of skim milk. In this economy, dining out with a family of four is a big deal. Tonights dinner was disappointing.
My boyfriend and I bought two groupons for brick and thought we would give it a shot. The first time we went it was ok. Service was good, food was not extraordinary, but not bad. The decor is real cute and comfortable so we thought it could be a good place to hang out. Then when we went by the second time, I ordered the gorgonzola salad, and my bf ordered a pizza. When I got my salad I had found a little hair in it. No big deal, I moved it off my plate, then continued to eat. It didn't really bother me, I get it, it can happen, whatever. Then I found another hair! Then I was finally just disappointed...is someone going bald in the kitchen and not wearing a hair net or hat? The server was very kind and offered to take it off the bill or bring something else. I was still a little hungry so I just ordered the warm banana churros that were recommended. DELICIOUS. Only problem is that my stomach was a bit upset after leaving. So all in all....they need to keep up with the cleanliness.
I am disappointed with this company especially after all of the great reviews on here. I called them on Monday, February 18th and left a voicemail to have them call me back for an estimate on a landscape job I needed done. After not getting a return call, I called them again on Thursday, February 21st and left a more detailed voicemail with location and a short detail of the job. As of today I still have not heard back from them. I have called two other landscapers and they have both been out and gave an estimate within a day or two or have at least called to make an appointment. I wish them well in their business but not calling back a potential customer will definitely hurt your business.
I have couple rental units. One tenant mentioned that the water heater pilot went out. Call the gas company. They say the unit needs a new lighting device. Called Freddie Plumbing. Since the unit was only 2 years old, the staff suggested changing the lighter. He also mentioned that the unit was not installed correctly, and corrected the improper install for additional charges. I was not on site. I tried to pay with my credit card, he said his credit card machine was down. End up depositing a check at his bank. I ask him for receipt, he said he'll mail it. Never mail the receipt. And I thought problem solve. I even give him a good review on Yelp. Wrong. Three months later, a new tenant move in. The gas company guy came out and tried to light the water heater. No go. Surprisingly, the gas guy put a do not use red tag on the unit stating that the install was done incorrectly and unsafe to use. Upon closer examination, the old lighting device is gone. Face cover is gone too. The Freddie's staff just strip everything. The only way to light the unit now is to do it the old fashion way using a long match. I though no problem, call Freddy Plumbing. After all he had 28 reviews and many positive remarks. Wrong. I have the new tenant try to arrange Freddie's Plumbing to address the issue. They say they never service the house. WTF. I have a copy of the cancel check. B.S. I tried to call Freddie Plumbing, myself. No one is there to pick up the phone. I don't know what's going on, but I am very disappointed. I though I had a good plumber for the Norther Phoenix area. End up going with Proskill in Anthem. He is going to replace the unit for $600 installed. I should have done this in the first place.
I believe they are not here anymore. Stopped by and it's a different restaurant
Horrible Service. Period. Finished my beer before ever getting the waitress to take our food order as she was flirting with customers at the bar. Stay Away.
Just arrived 5 hours late on AA2469 after 2 broken planes & 3 gate changes
I posted this on US Airways but since you merged I figured it was deserved on all your pages. Sharing my experience. My flight from San Francisco to Phoenix was 35 minutes behind schedule.However I was fortunate (or maybe unfortunate) to have a 1 hour and 10 minute layover in Phoenix. Not sure what happened but when arriving in Phoenix I only had 24 minutes to get to my next gate by the time started deboarding it took about 10 minutes for the plane to deboard enough to get to me and the door. As soon as I got off I ran from A25 to B2. I'm a pretty good runner and I was able to run on the fast walkways which helped. I literally got to the gate at 8:01pm and the plane leaves at 8:10pm. As soon as I ran up they pointed me at another lady and said go talk to customer service and pointed a little aimlessly to who I thought was another lady that was going to get me on my flight. I asked the other lady who I thought I was being directed to if she was customer service, she said no customer service is around the corner. I had a sinking feeling at this point. I waited in line behind two other people and was up to the desk in a few minutes as it was 8:05pm by this time. Customer service said they could not let me on the plane. No other flights that US Airways could work with and they had none for the night. I am stuck in Phoenix for the night. They did give me a hotel, but my clothes were checked in complementary checking as they ran out of overhead space on the previous flight. A couple of things that could have been done very different, as well as impacts to my life. 1. Typically when flights are behind the airline asks that anyone having a tight connecting flight be allowed to deboard first. 2. A minute late to the gate seems ridiculous to not allow me on. Maybe you boarded quicker than expected but you knew I was coming I would have expected you to accommodate me especially when you are the same airline that screwed up in the first place. 3. I don't have any clothes to wear tonight so I'll be in my work clothes, and have to get up early to fly back to SLC in my same clothes. It would be nice if you had a complimentary kit for me even a long t-shirt or something that I could use. 4. I was told well at least you get a free breakfast at the hotel. Nice looking at the positive until i get to the hotel and find out my flight leaves to early for me to enjoy the breakfast. It seems like it just keeps piling on. 5. My family was sad I have two little children at home and they are sad that their daddy was coming home like they thought. My wife also said she was sad but she likely is happy she get s a big bed to herself. 6. We had to interrupt my job I will miss out on two key meetings one internal and one with a client. 7. It will interrupt my wifes work to allow for this flight delay. I miss out on half a day of work time, and my wife now has to miss work time to come get me. I did ask the customer service rep how that works and she says well we don;t offer a service so you can pay for a cab and then call customer service and see if they can do anything. That comment didn't instill any confidence especially when the results from this company have shown that I shouldn't trust them. If the Airline would like to reach out to me feel free. I would like to see how we can change this post into a more positive one but I will leave it unchanged until you contact me.
I have never posted on Yelp before, but considering the absolutely horrible experience I just had with AA, I feel the need to post this wherever I can think to do so. My sister and I were returning from a funeral in Florida home to Phoenix. We had a connection in Dallas. Our first flight left late because our plane arrived late (and because a teenage passenger fainted in the aisle while we were boarding the plane). We had only a few minutes to make our connection, so when we arrived in Dallas, we ran to the connecting gate, only to be told that we would not be allowed on the plane, which was STILL THERE. AA booked us another flight for the next morning. Then AA issued us vouchers for a discounted hotel rate - they would not even pay for our hotel. We waited outside in the cold for over an hour, but no shuttle ever came. We ended up booking ourselves another hotel, and we paid over $90 to sleep for 5 hours, with no clothes or toiletries, because AA would not get us our luggage. My sister and I were both late to work the next day, we had to go directly to work from the airport (gross), and all AA has done is given us $150 vouchers for future flights. Given that we paid over $1200 for the two tickets to fly to the funeral, that is really a joke. I have flown several hundred times in my life, and I have never had a more miserable flying experience in my life. If I ever have a choice again, I would never fly an AA flight ever. Period.
No good. Ghetto people live here and just walk into your apartment. Tons of brat kids in the parking lot that run at your car, neighbors suck, new RIVERSTONE management sucks, shootings happened 3 times that I lived there in 9 months. Alliance maintenance was great and right on the golf course was beautiful. Layout on 2 bedroom also nice but Too many other problems. Crappy carpet, upgrades are poorly done and hair was painted into the walls throughout. Can hear everything around you all the time and parking sucks for guests.
My and my husband our 5 kids , mom and mother in law went to this place . We spent over $60 on dinner buying meals , salads , drinks , and a couple of sides , hummus etc... My husband asked if we can have a side of sauce the " tzatziki " beacuse his chicken wrap was kinda dry , the Girl said Sure that will be 50 cents ... 50 cents what!!! after spending $60 she was chargeing us for a 2 cent sauce , wow so cheap and the food was dry ....
I have been coming here off and on for some time now and I have always had great food and service. Wednesday however, was a different story. I ordered my usual Gyro Salad. When I got back to work, I opened it and realized it was a Greek Salad. I did not have time to go back, so I ate the salad. After I got off of work I called and spoke to a gentleman who was so nice and felt horrible about the mistake. He told me to come in next time and he would either refund me or make me the correct salad. This afternoon I went in and explained my situation the the woman at the counter. She pretty much yelled back at me that no, there were no notes written down about it. Turns out, I called the other Greek place in the same complex. I explained that to her and even showed her my receipt. She could not have been any more rude. She said if she did not have a note she was not going to do anything about it. I explained to her that I called the wrong place but that I was there now and how could we rectify the situation. She said the only way to have rectified it was if I were to come back as soon as I realized I had the wrong salad. Totally convenient right?! I know it is not a huge difference, but the Greek Salad is about $5.00 and the Gryo $10.00. I was very nice to her the whole time and she kept raising her voice at me in front of customers. She finally said fine, I will give you Gyro meat to make up the difference. Yeah, that it was I want - a few slices of Gyro meat to go with nothing. I will not be back. Piss poor customer service.
Tired of going to coffee shops where you're greeted with a warm smile and are given great customer service?! Then JoBot is the place for you! Nestled in the Roosevelt Row area of downtown Phoenix, what was once a decrepit house is now a decrepit coffee shop! Come take a load off and have an overpriced cup of coffee served by someone with an undeserved sense of importance. Remember, it's a privilege for YOU to be served by THEM, and not the other way around. On top of that, you can order something off their nothing short of mediocre menu! Like crepes? Good! Because that's just about all your going to get! After you place your order you are blessed with the opportunity to surround yourself with the hippest of the hip. Let me tell, you haven't lived until you've had judgment passed on to you by people who spend an exuberant amount of money to look like vagrants. Once you're done, you can either sit back and enjoy the ambiance OR stick you hand in a running garbage disposal. Either way, you're going to lose a part of your being! Overall: Food: 3 Service: -3 Ambiance: 2
If this wasn't some of the WORST food. Four people everyone ordering different entres and apps and there wasn't one thing that was good. The closest thing to good was the oso buco pork but even that dish had all kinds of problems. The green pork chile was watery, bland and chared on the top. It was sent back but no manager was sent over and you could see smiles come from the open kitchen when it was returned. It was taken off the check but who runs this place. The shrimp enchilada app was worse than something you would buy frozen and put it in the microwave. PLEASE don't waste your time or money on this place, PLEASE!
So I read the reviews and as usual I don't pay too much attention to them because I like to make my own judgment on a place based on my experience so with that said I went in to the restaurant at 9:40 pm which is 20 minutes till close but they had over 12 employees working at what seemed full throttle which is typical for young folks trying to get off and out on a Friday night. I have to add that Chipotle is one of my favorite places to get food and having children and bills it's almost a treat to have being that for only me and my girlfriend it was 21 dollars. I got to the restaurant and there was a line. Usually a line for Chipotle but always moves fast I ordered 2 burritos, chicken for my girl and steak for me so as he was making my burrito I asked for half barbocoa and half steak he asked if I wanted double meat or just half and half and I said half and half. Well the barbocoa pan was full of meat so he gave me a tong full and the steak pan had less than a big spoon full literally 5 little pieces of steak and rather than get something fresh from what they were cooking behind him he passed my burrito off to the next stage of the burrito making phase and as i stood there looking at the 2 burritos with the meat on the rice my girls burrito had almost triple the meat mine had so rather than be a jerk and make a complaint I just asked for double meat which the guy from the next phase of the burrito making he grabbed a heaping cup full of meat. The little cups they usually put the salsa or other sides in and it was what the amount was for being a single meat burrito I asked him to go light on the hot salsa because let's face it that stuff can melt the paint off of a car if you tried. Lol but the guy put a whole ladle full. I just shook my head to which he didn't notice and started wrapping my burrito after placing the other ingredients I asked for in it. So final stage of the transaction of the burrito making production line the cash register guy asked if I wanted some chips or anything else. I love the lime salted chips and of course said yes. I didn't notice the size of the chips till I got home and to a great disappointment the chips were hardly filled to the bottom of the letters of the bag where it says Chipotle. Which you get more if you buy a 1.49 bag from the store. So very disappointing and to have payed 21 dollars for food that was poorly put together and skimped on for chips and meat which I had to pay double just to get what I should have gotten for the single meat price mind you, also the non existing bag of chip's. I will make sure they never get my hard earned money ever again. How could such an amazing chain become so non amazing over the last few years? For me I know that I won't be going back to this location or any of their locations which is terrible because of this experience and I truly hope my review reaches out and makes someone think twice before they go overpaying for poor food and poor service at Chipotle. Smh
Emailed them and left a message requesting return contact for service. Never heard back from them. They must not want my money.
I must say that I was amazed that I had purchased a Groupon Now to use for lunch this afternoon and they were not even open. It looks bland on the outside, I really could not see inside. I get the feeling that I may have been better off not going inside (but may never know).
Nobody greeted us or asked if we needed help. Spencer's, has the same prices but brand new appliances.
Wow - the lack of professionalism here is truly mind blowing. Making the reservation was easy. We were able to book online and received confirmation within a couple of days. Unfortunately, we were scheduled for an airport run for an early morning flight. We had a pick up time of 4:55am on March 17th. At 5:05am, there was no car ( i had even called the day before to confirm). When we called at 5:05, we were told the driver had a mechanical issue and would be calling us. When she called 5 minutes later, (now 20 minutes after the original pick up time) we were told she would be "around" another 25 minutes or so. This would have gotten us to the airport 1 hour before our flight. So, we ended up piling 5 suitcases, 2 carryons and 4 people into a small car and hauling off to the airport on our own, running quite late. I asked that the owner please contact us. He did not. While on vacation, I emailed the company and called twice to speak to someone so they would know not to pick us up at the airport as we now had our car there. We received to response to the calls or email. When I arrived home, I called again. This time to request a refund. I spoke to Victor who would not even listen to my concerns. He cut me off and made statements like, "things happen ... cars breakdown, airplanes crash, what do you want me to do?" He then told me that I was rude ... I was simply trying to get him to hear me out. He then said he would refund my money but did not want my business and then hung up on me. When I tried to call him back to ask about when and how the refund would be issued, he hung up on me again. I then left a voice mail requesting that he simply leave me a message regarding the refund and how and when it would be processed. Frankly, I do not want to speak with him again, either. Yes, Victor is correct. Things happen. Cars break down, planes crash, business go under because they are rude and don't care about their customer concerns. If you actually need to be somewhere and are using V-1 Limos as a means of transportation, think twice. There are other services in town.
There has been multiple time have came here around the 3am hour and they have refuse to take my order due to "technical difficulties" then why are u even open 24hours?
Went thru drive thru they forgot my drink I went inside to get my drink I had to wait in line the girl at drive thru argued with Me and said She gave Me my drink like I was trying to steal a diet coke IDIOTS
Just order a Bring It On Burger,the meat was so dry ,the lettuce was old and turn bad already! The meat taste like cooked 2days ago and than reheat when someone order
Wow, there are quite a few five star reviews. I try not to call into question the legitimacy of other reviewers but my experience was very different from these five star reviewers. I had an experience similar to the reviewer from Fremont, CA. I brought in the bait and switch $15.88 oil change, fluid check and tire rotation coupon downloaded directly from their website. They told me that my car ('09 3.8 genesis) required a special oil filter. This is a falsehood. When I called in to set an appointment, the person on the phone told me that the coupon would not work because my car required full synthetic oil. I told him that he was incorrect and that the owner's manual only suggested synthetic blend. When I realized that they were trying to charge me for a full priced oil change, I asked the person over the phone if the coupon would work and he said, "yes." It was only when I drove down there, that they used the filter excuse to invalidate the coupon and charge me just under $29. Additionally, I did not receive the tire rotation. This is pretty much the definition of Bait and Switch.
It only gets one star because yes there are decent things underneath it all. Yes its dirty and unsanitary, there was a cockroach in one of the bins! But the worst are the employees, never met more rude people in my life. The guy bringing out bins yelled at me after grabbing one item, and it was my first time so I didn't know you weren't allowed to grab until it was all out. He talked to the customers like they were dogs "NO! DON'T TOUCH" and the cashiers, talk about hormone driven teens worse than ever. We got into one line and the cashier told me I was allowed to go to the next cashier and the next cashier was making out with another employee at the register. And she tells us to go back to the other cashier and yells at the girl saying "can't you see I'm busy." She didn't even bag the items she just handed me the plastic bags. RUDE!
Out of business now :(
Zero stars. They will scam you for every dollar they can. Groupon is useless if they charge 3x as much as else where for a brake job! Beware amd do your research.
After going to this location over 100 times over 8 years they finally did it. Made a bad enough experience for us to never go back. Service was good, but it did take a long time to get our food(25mins) for not having every seat filled. Only waited that long for food here once before. Iced tea was old and tasted bad. Correction: I was told they were gonna make more. They didn't and I drank water. Must have served the rest of it to customers that didn't say anything. Stuffed french toast was made with stale bread Correction: Manager that rang us up told us that they sometimes put stale bread in by accident. No comp, just "I'm sorry" 5 times. Bacon was a joke, thin and fatty. Didn't complain because thats just the crap they serve everyone. Should have just went to Bill Johnsons across the street. Bacon is better and of all things, the pancakes are better. See ya IHOP
Service here was awful! Waited 15-20 mins for our drinks. Ordered our food and waited 50 minutes for our food. I almost walked out as we got too tired of waiting. Food was cold, stale, and tasted like crap and they messed up on my order too. They had some shady characters there too. One kept drinking his coffee and kept staring at us. He would talk to himself and would all of a sudden start laughing at us for no reason. It made our experience VERY uncomfortable as the place was not crowded at all. We were just hungry and wanted some night time breakfast! In the end, the manager gave us our meals for free. Will I come back? Definitely not.
Walked and we were seated quickly, hostess seemed a little put out as I looked around the restaurant, I had not visited since the space was occupied by Native New Yorker. We sat and sat for well over ten minutes with no further acknowledgement from the staff. The place was not busy it was early in the evening. After another ten minutes of waiting we walked out. What a shame. I guess it is Spinatto's Pizza for dinner instead.
I am not sure why we returned to this place. Our last visit, we up and walked out. We thought this time we would give it a shot. They have a great price on Happy Hour chicken wings. Well, we walk in with our 13 year old and are told that we can ONLY get the happy hour price if we sit in the bar area, BUT it is 21 and over. Being that we want to have wings at the happy hour price, we ask if we can just sit on the restaurant side. Not allowed. 10 feet away in the bar, wings are one price, but in the restaurant they are FULL price. Great way to drive away business. We are sure to never visit this establishment again. Horrible business plan
Bleh. Bland, tasteless pizza, squishy pasta, watery sauce. The service was lackluster and the music is LOUD. Such a bummer, since it is so close to my house.
I obviously went to the wrong place. I placed an order for their Friday special by phone. Thick accented lady, but was sure when I hung up that everything would be ok. Went to pick it up, only to find out everyone there gave me a "deer in the headlights" look when I got there. Looks like I slipped through the cracks. So I asked if they still had their Friday special. They said, and I'm paraphrasing their heavily accented English "Not today". The big guy came in (has tats and looks mean) and I asked him about the Friday special and he looked peeved that I asked him, and said NO WE DON'T. he looked like he was going to kill me. Well fine I'll just leave now, because there were plenty of flies in there and a customer(?) taking a nap on the back table, maybe passed out so it just wasn't worth it for me. I can get better service and food somewheres else.
Dental care without the care. This dentist was rude and unable to communicate clearly with our family the result was terrible care for my son. We are currently in search for a new dentist that has basic communication skills and is willing to fix the two cavities hurting my 3 yo
You know when everyone seems to love something, but then you experience it for yourself and it's very anticlimactic? Well, that's how I feel about this joint. I just don't get it. It's so average, nothing special. Still people rave like they're having an orgasm. I'm sure this will sound like am an elitist, but I guess if your only options were Burger King, Wendy's, or McDonalds this place might deserve 3 stars.
My roommates and I started going here because they have an awesome salsa bar and the food was fresh. The last few times I've gone, there was this skinny kid working that obviously had a problem with us. I'm super polite to people that are going to handle my food, so I don't know what was up with him. When I picked up my food, he started going off on me about how I think I'm so cool and stuff about hipsters, which nobody would ever take me for one. I sent a message to FiliB's website, because I felt bad for this kid, he seems like he's on the path towards shooting the place up, definitely shouldn't have him helping customers :-/ So I hadn't been in for a few months, decided to try tonight. Crazy kid wasn't working but the staff all acted irritated to help anyone, not only us. This place used to be busy and it was dead. I heard my food get called and when I went up there, there wasn't a soul at the counter, just my bag. The food was nasty and I feel gross, it tastes like everyone took a turn throwing salt in the food. I'm definitely never going back there again, nor anyone I know, I'll make sure of it. I'll never understand why restaurants are rude to people if they want to stay open...
My husband and I recently purchased a resale home that was supposed to be professionally "move-out" cleaned by Kiwee's Cleaning Company. Apparently Kiwee's had been cleaning the seller's home on a regular basis for some time. The day the cleaning was scheduled for was the same day that we got the keys to our new home. Unfortunately, there was a mix-up with the water company transferring service and so the water was not on when the cleaning crew showed up. Instead of working with us and rescheduling, the crew just "cleaned" the house without water, if you can even imagine the concept. We were glad to pay a cancellation fee and have them come back once the water was one, but, instead, they did a less-than-mediocre job, took the seller's check for $250 and split. Needless to say, the tubs and sinks were left filthy. The tile throughout the house was not mopped. Every cabinet was wiped out with Simple Green, which left a sticky residue. Now, this is all to be expected due to the fact that the crew was "cleaning" without any water. This was completely mind-blowing that a local company would conduct a service-industry business this way. Now, keep in mind that was the result of the crew "cleaning" without water. In addition to that, I was shocked that on a "move-out" job, the fridge wasn't moved so that the floor behind it could be swept or wiped, the oven was not cleaned, the medicine cabinets were not wiped out, the baseboards were not cleaned nor the grooves in the windows. Please think twice about using this subpar company. When I saw an ad for Kiwee's services recently, I could not refrain from posting this review on Yelp even though I have never posted a review of anything up until now. I find it troubling that Kiwee conducts her so-called cleaning business in such an unprofessional manner. We were speechless, literally, by the experience. -- A disgruntled homeowner
Sadly, I have to join the crowd on this one. I was hoping that Kitchen 56 would make my memories of Vatra go away, but instead just reminded me all over again. Food was WAY overpriced and just OK. Kudos to Eddie the Server who brought with him the only charm available the second time we tried K56; I'd give him 4 stars if the review were based solely on his service & personality. I will say the interior is much better than the previous incarnation, but the spots (lights) at the counter-height 4 top shone in my eyes and made me feel like it was last call...and I don't drink.
Very unprofessional style, I could have done better. Not sure if she was new or just not very good.
Love the location on Alma School!!! Hate the location in Ahwatukee!!! We showed up at 7:30 on a Saturday night. There were about 5 groups waiting to be seated. The hostess was so rude- told us if we didn't have a reservation we would not get seated as they were full. We asked about the bar- thinking we could have a drink and maybe they could squeeze us in. She told us the bar was full too. We saw one empty chair and they definitely had standing room behind the seated guests which we would not have minded. I guess they didn't even want our bar business. The atmosphere is horrible too- carpet looks like it came from a hotel. Go to the Alma School location - or downtown- and save yourself a headache.
Everything about our experience was horrible. The first thing to be bad was why do they put the plastic cheap Denny's water cups lip down on the nasty table cloth? My mouth is supposed to drink out of that cup? I can't imagine the bacteria. Gross. We had to ask twice for a refill on chips and our water glasses sat empty (which BTW we drank with straws that we requested). When the bill came, it was on an iPad rather that a hard paper bill. I can appreciate going digital, however at least let me see what I am paying for. It was awkward for the waiter to tell us how much we owe without showing us what we were paying for - and point out how to leave a tip when it was subpar service.
When compared to the central location the food is sub-standard as well as the service
HORRIBLE!!! This place is disgusting! The tablecloth makes me want to throw up just thinking about it. There was nasty food all over it and they obviously have not been washed in a while (if ever). The food came straight from serving dishes and the microwave. The service sucked really bad. We had a Groupon and even with that our bill was over $40 for just two people and I had water to drink and my husband just had a pop. It is awkward that the waiter is hovering over you while you put your tip into the iPad they run your card on. I didn't want to leave any but I cannot be THAT mean. It is WAY over priced! I wish I did not have to leave any stars for this place. Go to Taco Bell over this place. Awful.
AWFUL. not just this location but COX in-general. Their service is awful, I have had their service for many years and have had TONS of problems with the cable, internet, and phone. after being scammed on the phone garbage I have had cable/internet bundle. and many years of stressful internet outages, torturous setups, bad service at the stores, glitchy poor quality tv service, and grouchy, incompetent technicians that take three days to come out to your house to fix any problems you have... and as far as other services go they are very overpriced. when i first hooked up my HDTV almost the first thing i did was trade in my SD DVR (which i had to return about 4 times for hardware failures) for an HD one. got it home plugged it in and THE QUALITY IS AWFUL. (HDMI and Component which is downright lying when their commercials make their HD sound flawless) also the only channel I actually care about watching is discovery.... AND I CAN'T WATCH IT BECAUSE IT PIXELATES AND THE AUDIO GLITCHES! its WRONG!!!! for a long long time I was paying for 12Mbps - 15Mbps internet and I was getting a maximum of 8Mbps in the day time, after calling 'em up and replacing my modem and router with a very high-end gateway the problem still persisted so they ended up telling me the problem was the connection being split with two TVs plus anyone else in the neighborhood who was running the same line as me.... (BS!) someone im related to is a friend of someone who is higher up on the food chain at COX and he said that it shouldn't matter how many times its being split especially living in a neighborhood that supports up to 20Mbps. in fact when we moved in we called COX to send a technician out to the house to install there cable lines in the house, after them being at our new house for 2 hours ALONE and leaving, absolutely nothing was changed.... what in god's name did they do for TWO HOURS!.... oh and they installed a set of cable and phone jacks in the upstairs bedroom and not two months afterward the phone jack fell apart (inside and out) and left a gaping hole in the wall and refused to fix it. that's just a few of the countless problems I have had with them, I know you're probably thinking JUST CHANGE, but I'm technically not the one in charge of being able to do that or you know i would, If i haven't given you enough proof not to let them rip you of your hard earned cash, hit me up, i have plenty of more examples if you absolutely need them. now as for this store, its bad as well. the service is slow and there was a colored man working at the old Bell rd. location who, when i traded in SD receivers for SD DVRs, gave me an outdated DVR that gets terrible quality service and is incompatible with newer DVR updates. who still works at this location, he is downright rude and goes as far as having no general compassion for the customer as long as he makes a sale. the location itself is inconveniently located but does offer free WiFi at a speed faster than i pay dearly for which really doesnt matter as there is a starbucks right across the street that also offers WiFi Bottom line: I WOULD SUGGEST PASSING UP COX IF YOU VALUE YOUR DOLLAR AND HAVE THE CHOICE. TAKE ME AS AN EXAMPLE.
We went to Rice Paper last Friday as we had done several times, for the Veggie Pho. It was busy as usual, and that was expected. They seated us on the patio while we waited and we were told the wait was 10-15 minutes. No biggie! After about a half an hour, the waiter asked us if we'd like drinks or something (water IS a good idea when it's 110 degrees outside!). We said yes, and then he never came back. 20 minutes after that another waiter came and brought water. After over an hour of waiting, we were taken to our table. Our order was taken pretty quickly (everyone at the table got some version of the Pho) and we thought the worst was over. We were all done with our food, and someone came and cleared the table, but our waiter didn't bring the check. We waited. And waited. And waited. 40 minutes after we'd finished eating, he finally brought the check. We scrambled to grab our cards to pay before he left, but he was gone already. Another 15 minutes before he came back to collect them. We told him how to split the check and gave him the cards. 20 more minutes went by until he came back again. He gave us our card with receipt for our portion of the check, but gave the other two people in our party two cards that didn't belong to them! He had run someone else's bill with their cards, and vice versa. And OF COURSE the other people had ordered appetizers, drinks, dinner... so the bills were way more than what soup costs. Of course the waiter didn't come back so someone in our party went to find him. When they explained what had happened, he SIGHED at them, acted irritated, and took the cards and receipts back. After another 15 minutes, (this seems like I'm exaggerating, right? Like there is NO WAY that dinner could take this long? Yeah, that's what I thought too!) he came back to our table with the right cards, but said he needed to void them all out and start over, including ours (even though it was correct the first time). I specifically asked if he would make sure that we weren't charged twice. His actual words? "I promise, you will not be charged twice." Over three hours after we showed up to eat some soup, we were finally free. Checked my bank on Monday to find out that we were definitely charged twice. Confirmed with everyone in our party that they also were charged twice. Called Rice Paper on Monday to have them reverse the charge, and was told a manager would be calling us. Today is Thursday and we still haven't been called, and were still charged $50 for TWO BOWLS OF SOUP. Normally, if an establishment notices that you've been there for 3 hours and it's not by choice, they apologize. They comp something on your bill. They do SOMETHING. No one there did anything, and now that we've brought it to their attention, it's like they still don't care. I understand being busy or overwhelmed, but I don't understand horrible customer service. Am I on Boiling Point??? Why don't I ever get the $100 prize for not throwing my chair through the window, or yelling curse words? I will NEVER, NEVER, EVER spend money at an establishment that cares as little about their customer service as Rice Paper does. Oh, they also have really horrible mixed drinks!
Once you try to cancel your membership GOOD LUCK TO YOU. I tried to cancel over the phone, but it is their "policy" for YOU to drive to their store to cancel. Since it was ONE day past th day that they charge, I had to pay $22 even though I would not use that month since I was cancelling... I tried not to chew out the girl behind the counter, & I paid the money so I could leave. NOW they have overdrafted my old bank account for THIS month, even though I went in store and have it in writing that my membership is cancelled. Not only am I writing this review, but I am going to report them to the Better Business Bureau because they have now TAKEN $42 of my money & I refuse to let them get away with this. RESOLUTION: This issue happened a few months ago, and one of the managers helped me in getting the amount refunded to my account. There is no doubt that their policies & account system needs to be updated, but I am glad that the managerial staff stepped in and took care of me once I informed them of this issue. However, I will not return as a customer.
One star for the waxing skills - Jessica knows what she is doing when she is waxing.. Had 2 Brazilians done by her and they were fine... Nothing extraordinaire.. but not bad either. Had a Spray tan and it was a bit awkward to be sprayed by her _ have always done Versa before. It lasted well, but I had a huge spot on my upper arm, that bugged me. A lot! However - will not be returning to her "salon" (a tiny little room rental) due to the fact that Jessica simply does not know what good customer service is. Period. I do not care how good you are at what you do, if you are working with customers and do not know how to take care of them - a BIG NO for me.. I had not realized that my Groupon had expired "Looong Ago" (as Jessica stated on the phone) back in February and call today to make an appointment in attempt to use the last visit off the deal. Not avail.. Jessica said she could still "Do It" - but I will have pay full price.. .Noo duh - she could still do it - that is her business.. And I could pay the full price anywhere.. I am sure I am not the only one out there to let their "Special" deal expire.. I have on a couple of other occasions and all of my experiences with a little "shop" business has always been - "Yes, it is expired, but we will still honor it" or "Let us work something out". Not here...I could understand where corporate rules are involved - this is not the case here.. You had this deal trying to get new customers.. but apparently not to keep them... Sorry Jessica - there are plenty of other professionals out there, and I am sure some are just as good as you at waxing, but I am also sure there are some that are better at accommodating their customers. I think I will go on and give someone else a chance. You might want to think of how you treat your customers (I am sure you have some that you have treated better based on the other reviews - I am just not one of them).
This place was horrible. Service was embarassing. Had to fill my own request for 4 waters. They refused to honor a groupon we had paid for. Just a huge waste of time and money. Don't bother.
Service Apocalypse To the feather flying', fedora-wearing, I'm-going-to-wear-a-vest-and-long-sleeves-even-though-it's-still-hot-out and-it's-not-1922, hipster server: Go to your local library. Pick up some literature on proper etiquette. Might I suggest Emily Post? Uh Oh. Too much text for your weary hipster eyes? Spent all day giving customers the stink-eye didn't you? OK, I'll break it down for you: 1. When people sit down at a table, try to greet them. If you're super tied up between checking up on other tables and checking your appearance in the mirror, then maybe just let that table know that you are busy and that you will be with them shortly. Because after we were seated at our table, almost 10 minutes went by - no waiter, nothing. We were beginning to get worried! We thought perhaps you had been kidnapped! We called the authorities, but we had little information to go off of since you never came by and said "hi." We described you as a tall, malnourished hipster wearing teen-girl skinny jeans, an overwhelming ensemble of man accessories, and air of mismatched cocky arrogance for a 30 year old dude at the lower end of the service industry. Unfortunately that description did us no good in the neighborhood of CenPho; but luckily, when we were just about at our wits' end, you showed up hunched over, scowl on your face (if this is in preparation for your costume as a zombie, you are rocking it!) 2. When you serve people drinks, let them finish said drinks before hastily removing them from the table. If they kindly ask you for their drinks back, try not to be an ass. 3. When customers order dinner, try not to take so long so as to confuse them into thinking it's breakfast. 4. When the food is served, maybe don't go MIA. Maybe check back in with them. Maybe they want dessert for ... wait what time is it now... lunch? OK I'll stop there. I know how valuable time is to the pretentious staff at the Windsor. Those cigarettes aren't going to smoke themselves! Well congratulations. From now on, we will avoid your restaurant like you avoid a real job.
Worst service in town.. and the drinks were next to atrocious!
Possibly the most incompetent bar staff in Phoenix. It's as if it's an inconvenience for them to get you another drink.
Are we all talking about the same Windsor's here? Next to Churn? Where the staff is indifferent with their attitude. Hint....listen to some Zig Zigler tapes it might help your service abilities. These lady servers with their ripped jeans and tattoos and no smiles just ruin it for me. This isn't the first time either. This place just seems like where you start to earn your bones and the right to work across the street at Joyride or Federal pizza where servers look presentable and are friendly. The food is ok but overpriced. I get stressed anytime I am there because I know someone will drop the ball in regards to service or food will have an issue. However, when the check arrives then it's all "hey have a fantastic day" so that she will get a good tip. Right the great thing about Windsor is it's a great place for me to get rid of my spare change for the service they provide. Remember folks the tattoos don't make you stand out or be original, they make you like every other person who looks homeless on Van Buren st. Get a grip and when you fix it maybe I will reconsider. Ohh and don't dress like your unemployed, have some class servers. Finally, teach your cook how to make eggs the right way. I would be glad to teach his staff.
Upon arriving we were greeted by the girls at the front - very friendly, nice atmosphere all around, though too many kids for my taste. So yes, this is a kid-friendly restaurant, which unfortunately translates to mediocre food at best. That is exactly what we got. There are two elements that are crucial to making a good pizza and making a pizzeria stand out from the others: The sauce and the crust. Spinato's failed on both of these counts. We ordered the pizza and when it was served it looked delicious. After the first bite is when everything went downhill. The sauce, as stated by many people, was sweet and plain - not a hint of Italian seasoning in it. I was prepared for this, and before the pizza was even served I asked the waiter for Italian seasoning. He looked confused. So I said, oregano. He brought a ramekin with a sparse amount (I guess they need to save those pennies). This did not save the pizza because of crucial element no. 2: The crust that wasn't there. I am serious, the crust was pure air, nothing to it. Wonder Bread has more substance and heartiness to it than their crust had. I have never in my life, including any frozen pizza I've ever eaten, had a more tasteless, pathetic pizza crust than what was delivered. My friend, who doesn't have a keen sense for good food, said "well maybe it wasn't in the oven long enough". Nonsense, the quality was cheap and anyone with taste buds can recognize it. Shame on Spinato's for being so cheap to serve pizza with dough that isn't nearly half the quality of Pizza Hut ( I was dreaming of Pizza Hut the whole time I was eating their pizza).
One of the worst Chinese Buffets I have ever been to. Everything looked like it had been sitting for hours upon hours. I never judge on looks alone, so I tried some of the food but it was disgusting. Even their deserts tasted like shit. Not only will I never eat here again, but I would suggest you stay away also. I just hope that my stomach doesn't pay for this later on tonight
updated 8-5-11 I tried again, and it still has the stupid glitter, but I'll focus on the food.... No good. Average, if I'm generous. They put way too much food out at any given time for the amount of customers, meaning it sits around getting un-fresh waiting for you to come around. As you poke and prod the item's unappetizing shiny (greasy) exterior, wondering if every goldamn thing in the building is cooked in a deep-fryer, you reluctantly find a less-grissly or fatty bit to relinquish to your plate. By the time you get back to you horribly decorated table, the oiliness of each dish has congealed into a lukewarm film coating the thing. Some people say bigger is not always better. I say Bigger is always not better. =========================================== Sorry, but here's the thing: You can't put glitter designs on the table tops with a stencil and white glue, with tiny pieces of the metal chips flaking off from the pattern and migrating all over the entire surface of the table. That isn't food-sanitary, in my opinion.
I saw the wonderful reviews and called to schedule an initial walk-through. We made plans for a certain day, and I got a text early in that day saying that they would not be here on time. We talked about rescheduling for the following day when they said they were free. They never got back to me on that, (even though I saw that they had received the messages due to the iPhone read message receipt feature.) I called and texted. No response. It's been 3 days now. Nothing. So disappointed.
Only out of complete frustration and numerous attempts to give these guys a chance, I finally give in and tell the sad facts... I work in the same building as spoonz. I liked the Silver Spoon and looked forward to a "local" establishment opening in the building. I waited for what seemed like an eternity for the doors to open; for months (and months and months) past the Opening November 2010 sign, doors finally opened. I think it was Spring 2011. I was excited to visit. First visit was coffee. "Hand crafted coffee drinks" they advertise. I ordered a vanilla latte. The quiche in the case looked amazing, odered it as well. Went back upstairs to my office ready to enjoy. Alas, no. The latte was watery and gross. Tossed it. The quiche wasn't warmed (re-heated) through and was a total let-down in taste, tossed it. I gave them some time to get settled - they were new! They deserve a chance to get their groove. I went back, another latte and a bagel breakfast sandwich. The bagel sandwich was bad. The latte had since improved but still wasn't good. I called and complianed this time. I WANT YOU GUYS TO BE AWESOME!! you are convenient and local. I love that. The worker came and dug my sandwich out of the trash after that call, I guess they wanted to see for themselves what I was dissatisfied with. She apologized and promised to make it up to me. The owner/manager contacted me later. She was great. Again, I want this place to succeed!! Under her "encouragement", I gave them a couple more chances. The food got better, the service was decent. But the food still wasn't GOOD, just OK. They need to learn to not boil their chicken to death and properly cut it so you aren't tearing tough boiled chicken flesh with your teeth when trying to enjoy the Scottsdale (all other factors of that sandwich work!!); the coffee is still "just OK". The sweet potato fries are excellent! Although I went today to get the fries and ordered a tuna melt (first try, won't get that again. Ciabatta is too tough on a panini press!) When they handed me the bag, I specifically asked, "is the chipolte mayo in there for the fries?" Yes, they assured me. Take the bag back to my office and excitedly dive in to the bag - NO MAYO!!! I went back downstairs, frustrated, got mayo. I might have had smoke coming out of my ears. Sorry. To Spoonz Cafe: I keep giving you chances!!! I want you to be awesome. I am glad other yelpers have found you satisfying but you could be so much better - you were so much better in your other location!!! I write this in the hopes you improve your quality control. Make a consistent latte!!! For what you charge for sandwiches improve the the ingredients!! you have great ideas and a great spot but consistency and quality lacks. And good luck to others who decide to give this place a try.
Average cofee. Local vendor for cofee, no doubt; but they don't know how to make a good cup of joe. Sandwich was average. About the only thing that was good was the pastery I ordered. I was not impresseed and would return eventually for another pastery if I hadn't herd who I awesume is the owner speaking to her employees. She was beyond rude and hurtful to them. I will not return to this place All because of that aweful lady owner.
I was very disappointed. It was inside a small former grocery store. They charged $25 for gen admit and $35 for VIP. Gen admit was a 2 hour wait, so we went for the $35 VIP to get right in and it was only a 45 minute haunt. The staff was good, but the lazy off duty PPD officers that are required by the city to hire for outside security were as useless as having tweakers watching copper wiring. No patrols of the parking lot. They just sat and stood around and got an attitude when asked them for help. These guys get $40 an hour for off duty work. This is the first time that I have ever seen a bad haunted house and rude officers. Normally our PPD are very helpful and polite. Don't know what happened on this deal, but wasted $70 for the 2 of us for 45 minutes of nothing ; ( Older people are discouraged as you gotta crawl under a tunnel apparatus in there. Stay home and save your $70.
Don't waste your time! The most frightening thing is the amount of money you will spend to get in, especially if you purchase the VIP tickets. First, when you are asked if you are going to purchase VIP or General Admission, say VIP because the line to purchase tickets is WAAAYYYY shorter for VIP and when you get to the ticket window the attendant asks "general admission or VIP?"- so what is the purpose of having a separate line for VIP ticket purchases???? If I had to do it again, I would just stand in the VIP line and then purchase the GA tickets since there is not a separate window just for VIP purchases. Or just buy online. Anyway, after standing in line for an hour to buy tickets, there is another line to get in, which took about an hour and 45 mins. We were lucky we got there when they opened at 7, otherwise who knows how much longer it would have taken. Aside from the annoying teenagers who scream at the "monsters" walking around outside and run through the line nearly knocking you over, there are actually idiots in the line smoking like it's their full time job. I also lost count of how many people cut in front of us by jumping over the fences or just walking through the crowd ahead of us. Looking at the actors outside who were walking through the crowds, I was expecting to be really scared in the haunted house, and I really don't get scared easily- but I had high hopes this was going to be the best. Unfortunately, I was wrong- if you are scared of people screaming in your face then you will have a great time, because that's all that really goes on inside. The sets and make up were pretty good, but it was just like walking through a maze of "sets" with people screaming at you- nothing scary about that. I had my 12 year old with me and she wasn't even scared, I think she was more disappointed than I was. The best thing at this place was the people handing out Fear Farm coupons outside of the exit door. We definitely will skip this one next time and save our money, Chambers of Fear was better and didn't have the 2+ hour wait.
Worst customer service ever we got Into 25min argument over 3 dollars and they ended up not helping us out
I have been here a handful of times because the wings and ranch are delish! I have tried a few other things on the menu but nothing compares to my favorite cheat meal from zipps of wings,fries and a side salad with ranch! However after my last visit I will not be going back! The service was horrible-- from the moment we got there our waitress was very rude and we could all tell very unhappy we were a party of 8. I am not sure what happened to customer service but she had none! It took forever to get even a glass of water! She didn't smile once it was weird and awkward. She may have been having a bad day but thats none of my business. Her service was awful! I should have learned the last few times things had happened like my brother leaving his wallet there calling them asking them to hold it and when he got there it was no where to be found or the time we went for my aunts birthday and they forgot to inform us or show on the bill that gratuity was included and allowed us to tip 20% more on a 500$ bill. At the end of the day Zipps and shady. To be honest this place deserves no stars.
The class in general was fine. I attended the CCW class because they had a deal on Groupon. It was $39 for the CCW class which is valued at $150 and says that at the end of the course, we will be receiving a permit. It DOES NOT state, nor does it clarify that there will be any extra fees. However once at the class, everyone had to pay an extra $10 for the fingerprinting card AND $65 for the DPS fee. So in the end, we had to pay $114 for the permit. I realize that it's only $36 off from the regular cost, but it's still not much of a savings as they initially advertised. I am extremely disappointed with them for posting such misleading information. It should not have been "valued" at $150 if it really isn't!
I would never come back here again! I love live comedy but wasn't impressed with Ralphie May or anything about this club for the saturday night show. Our bill for drinks was more then we spend on dinner AND drinks at CIBO, that is INSANE. Never going back.
We got chips and salsa, a bowl of chili and beers. The chips, we are pretty sure, were recycled from past orders. We found a rolled up paper straw cover in our chips and the way it was rolled up it must have been wet at one point. The chili was not good. It came in a small styrofoam bowl and was not worth the price. Wendy's, sadly, has better chili. The only upside is the beautiful AZ weather.
I love bosa donuts i have been to several locations and this is by far the worst. The lady that works there with the funky colored eyeshadow has been rude to me on 2 different occasions. I have never been greeted by her. She tossed my card to me at the register when she was done swiping it. Little things like that just really piss me off. Especially when I am a repeat customer. I suggest going to the bosa donuts in mesa by bookmans! The people there are nice and the facility is very clean! Go where u are appreciated.
I called about the deal they are running, and the douchebag that answers the phone was very rude. I wish I was in front of him, I would have uppercut him.
We went to Culver's last night for the first time since they built the one in our neck of the woods on Cave Creek Road. I'll make this review brief because we didn't eat a full meal, just went for some frozen custard. We've all had frozen custard at little places we love in the Midwest, so were excited to try Culver's. When we pulled up, the air smelled strongly of fried fish as it was "walleye special" night. It wasn't the most appetizing aroma, but hey, we Midwesterners love our fish fries. First off, I never knew Culver's was a fast food joint. Very similar to McDonald's, you order at a counter off a huge menu on the wall. The only choices for dine-in frozen custard were vanilla, chocolate or some flavor of the day. Then you were encouraged to add various candies and snacks to mix in as in a Dairy Queen Blizzard. In a case at the side of the lobby, there were containers of different frozen custard flavors that sounded pretty good, like chocolate-covered strawberry and bonfire s'mores. Unfortunately, there was none to be found except in those cartons for carry-out. The chocolate frozen custard I tasted had a good texture but was amongst the sweetest ice creams or custards I've ever had. I would not order it again. The other major criticism is that while we were waiting for our order, employees kept rushing past us and saying "excuse me" in a somewhat exasperated way. We finally figured out that we were supposed to go sit down and wait for our orders so we wouldn't be "in the way." Woulda been nice if one of them had suggested that instead of just seeming annoyed that we were standing in the order counter/lobby area. Whatevs. Would not recommend and would not return. If you already love Culver's from eating there in your childhood, you'd probably be happy with it now. If you've never been there before, make sure your expectations are set according to the reality of what they present. I would choose In 'n' Out burger any day over this place and go get gelato at That's Amore afterward.
We came here for dinner before a comedy. About 6pm got a table got drinks at 6:20pm ordered nachos, turkey club, Italian sandwich and grilled cheese at 6:30. When Tits McGee our waitress came by and brought us our 2nd round of beers she was flirting with two drunk guys and after that she said she will check on our meal but after 45mins I were wondering if she was gone. We finally asked for a manager because it was now 7:15 and no food and no idea if it was even close to being done. We debated on leaving but the girls I was with were starving so we stayed. Manager came back offered us chips and salsa and paid for our drinks because the kitchen was backed up and he said that he wouldn't be able to get our food down here in 15 mins. I'm thinking Tits McGee forgot to put in our order. I have a groupon for this place and I can never ever seem to use it, this is the 3rd time I've tried!!! Bummer! Anyways manager offered to fix our next visit and have us his cards. I will def get in contact and see if he can fix this previous visit.
Should be named - Not From Scratch. While I don't expect everything to be made from scratch I was so disappointed that neither my dinner or my friend's dinner had anything that was actually made at Oregano's. My friend was upset that her salad had bruised and wilted lettuce. When she mentioned this to the server the manager came over and offered to open another bag of salad for her. She had the zitti and it was clear that the bread bowl, the pasta, and the sauce were just packaged items that were combined at the restaurant. I had the Italian sausage with waffle fries and again, can we say not from scratch.
Horrible place. Went here the other night on a Tuesday around 7 pm and they said it would be a 20 minute wait and it was over an hour. When we finally got our take it took forever to get the food. My mom s salad had some sort of hair out string in it and my dad's dinner was wrong. Not sure of this I'd the norm for this place but we are never going back
I wish I could actually give some feedback on a massage here, but after buying a Groupon and trying several times to contact the spa, I never received a call back or email reply. I get that rapid increase in business is not always the easiest to manage, but there was plenty of lead time and I provided several ways to contact me back. This place will never get their hands on me or my money and I hope this review is lesson to the company and warning to potential customers.
Living in the area for years, and originally seeing this place that replaced the Kyoto Bowl that was there for years, expecting this "Open 24-Hour" to be the ultimate alternative to going to the crappy Denny's, I was honestly disappointed when my family and i went to this location. For a place that is supposed to center around "southern" coking, they completely failed in area 3 essential areas, as their Chicken fried Steak, their biscuits, and their country gravy were three oof the most either disgusting or disappointingly bland things I have ever ingested in my life. The water the biscuits and gravy were made with tasted like chlorine. There was no chance in Hell that the Chicken fried Steak was battered fresh at that location. Also, service was incredibly sub-par...took forever to get server's attention, even when walking up TO the front. NOT kid friendly...or at least they weren't the one time i went there. Easily annoyed by parties with toddlers. I don't usually recommend Denny's over ANYTHING, but when I do, it's because my dining experience is as awful as this. Go to Denny's if your drunk and that prohibits you from traveling too far out of this area at 2 in the morning. Even the crap at Denny's is worth the mile walk instead of this brutal slop.
I called 4 days ago about carpet installation on my stairway and he hasn't even returned my call. I realize it is not an entire house of carpet but in this economy no job is ever to small. Guess I won't be relying on his services. Very disappointing after reading all the reviews.
This location sucks if you have have to go inside. The lines are always too long. They have room for 7 tellers up front but I've only ever seen 2 working. Managers and "personal bankers" never jump in to help yet you see them walking around or sitting at their desks.
Went for Mj vs. Prince event 1/4. I had high hopes for this and I was really let down. The event did not even start til after 11pm on a Friday night (hello most peeps have worked all day.) The pre-dj was better than the mj vs. Prince dj only thing is that he wasn't allowed to play any of music we paid to hear. Sad part is that many people left after waiting so long because they were tired of waiting. This event had a ton of patrons and could been a blast. Instead I was walking out by midnight. Hopefully another establishment will take on this genre and revamp the idea!
This is a horrible apartment complex. The office staff are hateful shrews that enjoy making your trip to the office miserable. They tell you they can do whatever they want and advise you to call Jeff in corpoate. He taught the office staff all of their customer service skills. They don't care about fixing anything or problems you may be having but at every chance they get they will demand more money from you. You will feel safe as the police are always here. The over powering smell of weed and chemical smell of meth are constant but the office doesn't want to address this. I have had to explain the little zip lock baggie are not bugs packing lunches to my children. The new people renting here are bringing in bugs and you get held responsible. The new people also bring violence and more drug fuelled parties. I had to walk my kids from the car to our home through a group of men throwing beer bottles at each other. These apartments aren't cheap either. I cant say I hate it enough!
Just as everyone else mentioned, they will fee you to death! I was fortunate enough to have them waive the late fees since THEY input the wrong cc number. The gym is not worth the hassle involved when you do have to cancel.
Youfit seemed like a great idea but like a previous reviewer said, it gets boring! Needs to have classes as an option. Nobody follows the rules in the Circuit workout area. Drives me nuts. Went to cancel this month, December, and noticed i was charged $29 for the next year's maintenance fees and $25 cancellation fee. I asked if I could be refunded the maintenance fees because I shouldn't help pay for next year's maintenance if I'm no longer a member and canceling before the next year starts!! They told me they need a 10 day notice before a charge is made to your card to be refunded. What?!?!? Sorry I don't have my crystal ball with me to warn me when you are going to charge me a hidden fee!!!! Boooooo Youfit!!!! Good riddance!!!!!!
I won't be back. The people who work here are not friendly, but more importantly the mani-pedis are just not any better than I could do myself. They don't offer artwork, which I generally get when I have a pedi. I also felt like the salon was dirty. I took my daughter and they took the toe separators out before the polish was dry and I had to ask them first to remove the polish that got on her other toe and then ask them to put another coat of clear polish on the messed up toe. Definitely made the wrong choice of salons this time and I won't make that mistake again!
15 people in line and there's 1 lady working. She appears to be 70 years old. This is the very reason that the Postal Service is losing millions of dollars a year. This is a complete joke. I am writing this from the parking lot as people walk up to the door, see the line then walk right out. I assume to Fedex or UPS.
I just got off the phone with Seablu and I was surprised at her demeanor. She was short, rude, and unprofessional. I was disappointed because the other reviews made me want to hire her, but after talking to her I thought differently. I asked for an estimate and she said she would come by the house on Monday. I told her I worked and she asked if she could let herself in. I was not comfortable making that decision since I hadn't finished comparing other companies and wanted to find one that could come when I was home. I asked if we could call her back after we talked about it and compared and she responded, "how can you compare them with me if I haven't even given you an estimate?" Her tone was harsh and demeaning. I was so surprised that a highly-rated service could speak like that to customers. We are choosing not to go with Seablu based on their customer service alone.
Went here for breakfast early on a Saturday, about 1 hour after opening. The tables were dirty and sticky, and the bathrooms were out of toilet paper and littered with garbage, which makes me suspect no one cleaned the bathroom and wiped down tables the night before. Ordered a scramble, which came to us lukewarm. Substituted fresh fruit for potatoes. The fruit was wilted and bland, and the juice in the fruit bowl was a dirty brown. Ew... The bread was the best part of the meal, but it wasn't even toasted. This was one of the worst breakfast experiences I've had in some time. The only redeeming quality of the meal was the friendly service.
Hire more people during your busy times. No customer should ever be told to call back to place a catering order because everyone is busy. Another helpful suggestion is not to have complete twits answer the phone.
Craving Thai food in North Phoenix and tried this place to go. Tried the red and peanut curries.. Extremely dissapointed in both. Very salty and the coconut flavor was sorely lacking. Next time we'll drive the extra few miles south for good Thai at Thai Basil.
I signed up for Yelp today just to write about this location. I have been there twice for lunch. The music over the tiny space where orders are softly announced is far too loud. On my 1st visit there were too many people milling around in the kitchen and too many customers huddled up waiting for their orders. Service was glacial. You cannot find a napkin or straw in the dining area. Even if you buy a sandwich and a drink "for here", you would have to initiate the request for a napkin and straw. None were provided on either occasion as if most people never use them. Doesn't take a genius to leave them out on the counter or on the tables. Easy fix, is anyone listening? I wrote feedback on the corporate website after the 1st visit but encountered a technical error where the message would not transmit. After the 2nd disappointing visit, I tried the website again and was eventually able to transmit feedback. Have never received any response. Why did I give them a 2nd chance? The sandwiches are actually decent. What a shame I won't be back.
I had heard about this food cart and was happy to see it at Maker Faire. Read the menu and I'm not a fan of blu cheese so that cut the choice in half, since almost every hot dog came with blue cheese. I could have left it off....but there wasn't much left after that. We both ordered different dogs. After she took our order and money she told us it would take 30 minutes. I was stunned. It is a hot dog! Then I noticed that many people were waiting around for their food. People all around us began complaining and asking when their food would be ready...I thought " well they must be really great hot dogs." Nope. Plain old boiled hot dog... Or maybe microwaved. Bun was dry. Relish was flourcent green. Awful. For a food cart that specializes in hot dogs they need to up their game. Luckily the crowd at maker faire wasn't overwhelming. There were two people in the truck and one person outside taking orders. She could keep up but they couldn't. If you are out and want a good hot dog go to teds in tempe. Epic doesn't even compare to dairy queen
I've never been to this place in person. I called in to see if I can order a birthday cake off their special/signature cake. The lady who answered the phone was so rude, she said that order must be made 48 hours prior, so she couldn't make the cake for me. I called on Thursday and I wanted it for Saturday, so I think I did the math right. Then, I asked if I can order any other available cake and she simply answered no. I just got the feeling that she's not in the mood of talking or taking order. The cakes look beautiful though, so maybe I will give them another chance by visiting the store.
Tsoynamis are one of my favorite foods in the world. I'm lactose intolerant and love blizzards, so it's a match made in heaven. I go to Green a lot as I live nearby, and have never felt unwelcome there, so I had no reason to think I'd feel that way about their sister joint, Nami. So after a disappointing dinner at Nobou at Teeter House in downtown phx, bf and I were excited to turn our night around with dessert at Nami when we realized we were super close to it and it was still open (since Green would have been closed by the time we got there). Their hours posted indicate they close at 9:30pm on Fridays, and we arrived at 9:20 after calling to confirm they were still open. We walked in, and there were a few groups of people sitting and leisurely enjoying their ice cream and baked goods. We walked up to the counter and bf knew what he wanted right away (s'mores tsoynami with pb added...SO good!). I, on the other hand, needed a minute to decide since they had a huge bakery case filled with things I never see at Green and wanted to try out, in addition to the full tsoynami menu. I asked a few questions, which the light-haired woman working there was happy to answer. She disappeared to make bf's tsoynami, though, and we were then met with an icy stare and complete annoyance by the dark-haired woman working there. I like to give people the benefit of the doubt, and hey, it's Friday night and she probably wanted to close up so she could go out. But it wasn't even 9:30, and she had zero interest in making this customer happy. I said I was debating between a cookie and a tsoynami, while she rolled her eyes and continued to tap her fingers on the counter. Her response, rather than a suggestion or recommendation for something to order, was, "We close in five minutes." Ok? I know that already? Why wouldn't you just try to hurry us along in a constructive way, rather than making me feel afraid to ask you any questions about your products? She continued to sigh and look around, willing us to disappear, and honestly I wish we would have left right then. But we were starving, and I really wanted to enjoy one of their delicious looking treats. I decided in my head that I wanted a tsoynami, but I was way too afraid to have that lady actually prepare something for me as I was pretty sure she would spit in it, in addition to the length of time it would have taken to prepare which surely would have put us over her 5-minute limit. I said I'd take the cookie, to get us out of there sooner. We still had to wait another minute for bf's tsoynami to be finished, and felt her stare us down the whole time. Mind you, there are still parties of other customers at tables still lingering. We were definitely NOT responsible for keeping them open, but we sure were made to feel that way! I don't care how tasty your treats are, I would never EVER go back there...who wants to leave a dessert place with such a sour taste in their mouth? I will be getting all of my future tsoynamis at Green, where they never make me feel like I'm doing something wrong by asking questions or spending a minute debating between a few items.
Bagel Man's rudeness exceeds his lack of business sense. When trying to buy 6 pumpernickel, 6 whole wheat, and some egg bagels, Bagel Man snapped "My bagels are expensive and you will be taking them away from my other customers." What's that all about? Isn't Bagel Man in the business to make and sell bagels? When presenting a coupon to buy a dozen and get 3 free (which we've used many times) we were told that the coupon was counterfeit and he did not want to honor it, but did so with a growl of anger. Another problem is the inconsistency of the bagels. Sometimes they are dry and when cut, have air holes. Sometimes they are uneven with rather large holes and misshapen. Sometimes they have a crusty outside like they have been egg washed. I've actually cut one and the whole outside crust fell off, leaving very little bagel left. The place is dirty and tables and floor are speckled with crumbs. Bagel Man should be baking enough bagels to satisfy all his customers, not scold them for ordering them. We have given up on Bagel Man.
No air conditioning, we weren't greeted or acknowledged at all by the one employee wearing headphones, every flavor of yogurt we sampled tasted like ice and sugar and came out melted, aaaand the toppings were stale and disgusting. No thanks!!
The only haircuts they are willing to give are "geometric." I should have been warned because both the manager and the hairdresser had weird chopped-off blunt haircuts. My hair is wavy and could not be forced into that kind of cut even if I wanted one. I asked that it be layered and wound up with short hair in back and cocker spaniel ears hanging drooply beside my narrow face. I went back to try to get it corrected and wound up with attempts at the salon specialty of geometrics. It is the worst haircut I have ever had, but I was forced to sign a statement that I was satisfied. I am not, but sort of got the impression I would be tangling with mall security if I refused
I was so pissed off. I ordered the Coronado Enchiladas, the special they had last week. They were awful. If I wanted undercooked tortillas with a veggie filling, and taco bell sauce, I could go to Taco Bell. But nontheless, I paid $9. And they did not replace my crap food for free. I ended up paying $17 total for the Mongolian... Which is good, but not $17 good. Make sure that you are going to enjoy what you get, because them not owning up to shitty food is a bad idea.
The food wasn't bad, just nothing special. The real failing here is the service. On Friday night they had one waitress. Additionally, the waitress they had ranks somewhere between inept and indifferent. Just plain bad with an attitude to boot.
Man I'm bummed. I just moved to the moon valley area last month. I asked my neighbors for recommendations on a sports bar near by. One talked me into this place. I literally just got back from there. It is Wednesday, so it's 50 cent wings all day. To me, a sports bar staple should be the wings and beer. Good happy hour prices, but god awful wings. Come on guys, have you been to Teakwoods, Zipps, Goldie's, or The Tavern? I won't come back until you change the recipe. Ive had wings all over the country. The great wings are a perfect combination of crispy and saucy. You have the dreaded soft rubbery skin. That's bush league! Gross! You also use Frank's hot sauce for your wing sauce? Terrible! Want me back? In this order ok? Sauce them...grill them...re-dip them. Also, get real sauces? You know what I'm talking about too. Lastly, take them off the menu immediately until you go to Teakwoods. It's the valley standard. Just trying to help. Please fix this so I have a place to go.
The lady at the register was very very rude. The owner should try to give her some customer service training. I just asked if she could put the turkey in the microwave for 30 seconds because I'm pregnant and she refused saying it was company policy. She was totally rude and unapologetic. I will never come back here again. I think subway would have been a better choice. I try to support local businesses but this one was a disappointment.
Most disgusting attitudes from staff and Dr's. And treat you with no care or feelings and very discriminating.
Food was horrible! I had the Teriyaki Chicken Bowl & it literally was rice, chicken, & sauce. Who has a chicken bowl with no vegetables. The chicken & sauce were completely bland. Will never be back
So disappointed with our meal tonight. Smashburger is a regular for us on the weekend. The last 2 visits have been horrible. Cold sweet potato fries and our entire order was wrong! When I let the staff know, they tried to fix it, but still brought the wrong thing. We were so hungry we started while waiting for the rest of the meal. It never came. Last visit @ this location.
I've been to OHSO several times now and each time our service has been horrendous. First time-sub par Second time-we left because no one had paid any attention to us in the 30 minutes we sat on the patio. Third time-thought I would give it another try when my dad asked where I wanted to meet him for dinner. I was embarrassed at my recommendation at the end of the night due to our poor service. We had incorrect orders, empty water glasses, slow service all around. Bottom line-the food is decent(the burger was great but everything else just eh), the location is fantastic, and the atmosphere is great. However the poor service makes me not want to go back. Ever.
Good food, BUT the problem is they never seem to get the order right, you are always waiting on something or they don't have something, and they only give you one dipping sauce per 3-piece strips meal. Last visit they didn't have any biscuits, another visit they needed to substitute a chicken leg for a chicken strip because they were short one, another visit they gave us 3-piece strips when we ordered 4-piece strips. We even ordered the 4-piece strips so that they would give us the extra dipping sauce, but they still screwed it up. I think this place is under bad management because the service used to be a lot better. We are planning to go to their other location at 35th Ave & Van Buren or just get chicken from McDonald's across the street until they improve. A ban for 6 months.
Like any fast food place, the staff changes often. On a recent visit, husband walked out because he said the lettuce was brown and looked awful and the staff refused to provide fresh lettuce. Also, the turkey was so shredded, it was unrecognizable as such. The staff refused again to open a new chunk of turkey until the little nub left was used up. When my husband asked Iif maybe they could slice it thicker, the lady said she would charge extra! Additionally, when I asked for extra onions, the man making my sandwich (who appeared to be the MANAGER) was rolling his eyes at other employees who were on a break in response to my request. I saw you do that you jerk; I'm not blind! Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!
Terrible food snd snarky service. My green chilli omelet arived stuffed with luke warm Salted shredded pork. No sauce. Sent back as it was like a dear lick. Disgusting. Snarky waitresss slamed th ed/ plate in to.garbage. broght me overcooked eggs with old grout. SKIP THIS PLACE!
The owners Heidi and john present themselves as if they are a small friendly little boutique. Nothing could be further from the truth! I purchased a clock (highly overpriced) on dec 23rd on dec 26 went in to return. The website and receipt shows that you may return or exchange within 30 days. Heidi in particular was so nasty, she stated she would not accept a return just exchange. The box was unopened yet she randomly decides what will be returned or exchanged. She rudely informed me that she is through speaking about it and indicated our conversation is over! Unbelievable ! She indicated that I should leave the store and yelled a snotty remark as I exited. I am so disgusted by this treatment of a customer that I went directly to mall management. These people have no integrity and do not back up anything they state on their website. No One should give them a dime!
I purchased a Living Social voucher for Word of Mouth house cleaning- 4 hours for $50. This seemed like a great deal to use leading up to having guests over for the holidays. The only catch is that you have to figure out a way to contact them. They don't answer the phone in the morning, afternoon, or evening. They don't respond to e-mails. The voice mail is typically full, but I was able to leave a message one day. This leads me to believe that someone had been there to empty the previous messages. Well, my voice message was not returned either. I don't know what else I can do or say about this one. I complained to Living Social about the business and received a LS credit. I could not recommend this company to anyone else, since at this point it's still up in the air whether they even exist.
I also bought a Dealfind deal for $39 for "4 hours of professional house cleaning" and have had the same experience - called, couldn't leave a message because v-mail was full, emailed through their website with no response, called and left a message with no response. Getting a Dealfind credit today. STAY AWAY!!!
Yesterday, ordered delivery on a pizza and 2 orders of boneless wings. Lady driver delivered wings and pizza. I tipped her 25% and she walked away. I opened the wings to discover that they were bone-in. Ran out to stop her and let her know I ordered boneless. Her response, "yes I know. We ran out of boneless and just gave you these instead." Of course she didn't say any of this when she gave me the wings and took 25% tip off the entire order. Didn't call before when I made the order to tell me that they were out of boneless (I would have ordered something else, the order was for my wife). Driver refunded me the money for the wings, kind of. Cost was $9.98 for wings, gave me $10.50, which doesn't even cover the sales tax. Pizza was not very good either. Spent more money on the delivery fee and the tip, than I did on the pizza. Shady business practice. Order from one of the other 1000 places in town; most of them will give you what you order, or at least tell you that they are out of what you ordered.
I wish I was exaggerating. I'm usually a very passive person, and a push over. But this post office, its attendants, and it's carriers have caused me, my family, and my neighborhood so much grief over the past year. I always looked at post office employees as respectable, reliable people. But because of the gross negligent and disastrous mistakes,their poor apathetic and rude attitudes on every possible experience, that image is tarnished. I see criminals. I dread the idea if anything sensitive or important passing through their hands. How can a place so corrupt get away with what they do. I hope that others will come forward as well and join me in reporting them to the Us postal service corporate office headquarters. So many other things in life to be vigilant about. The mail does not need to be in that list. They should be ashamed.
I booked a ride with Doug for a group of ten people for a ride to and from the ASU/WISCONSIN game. Half of our group was flying in for the game. I turned to Yelp to be sure that I was booking something reliable. Based on his excellent reviews, I choose his company over another one. I confirmed the ride the night before and the morning of. Our group was dressed for the game and ready with our coolers for the tailgate. We were all still happy even when the driver was 5 minutes late. When he was 15 minutes late, I grew nervous and called Doug's number to check on the ride. When Doug called me back, I heard the dreaded words, "The driver didn't show up and I have no options for you." Ten people, ready for the game, no ride. It was a HUGE disappointment for a special day. Doug did credit my card and called to offer another ride at another time but our friends have flown back home and the game is over. It is not possible to make it up to me. This experience has made me realize that when you book transportation, it is always a gamble.
UGH! It appears as though we've lost another place that WAS great. King Wong WAS our go to for great chinese food, but no more. We had become regulars, eating there at least 1-2 per week. When the food was terrible the first time, we chalked it up to a bad day, and didn't think about it. Everyone has a bad day right? So then we ordered again, and it was worse than the last time. WTH?? Did they fire their cook? Not wanting to believe our fave little Chinese dive could possibly have gone down the tubes, we gave them one last shot. Mistake. It was even worse than the last two times. Don't bother eating here. Easier to just dump some oil on old food in the back of your fridge and call it a day.
Poor food and the service is equivalent. The rolls fall apart before you can eat them.
By far the worst sushi I have ever had. The wasabi was way hotter than any wasabi I have had before. The soy sauce was extremely salty, almost like someone added salt to the container. I ordered the spicy tuna and miso soup. The miso soup was every bit as salty as the soy sauce. I couldn't finish it. The spicy tuna was utterly tasteless and the rice was slightly crunchy and tasted like it was under cooked. To top it off, now I'm feeling sick, hopefully it isn't the food. My wife made her own roll with a mix of tuna and salmon, both of which were completely mushy and tasteless. She couldn't even finish half of her order. The employees called How Do You Roll like the subway of sushi. However if you want to pay restaurant prices and eat nasty sushi then this is the place. I recommend you don't eat here though, I think you would thank me for steering you away from this place. You can much better, fresher sushi for the same price at an actual sushi restaurant rather than frozen fast food sushi here. And we were OVERCHARGED $2.50. If you look at the online menu the create your own roll for $6 includes one protein however when I pointed this out to the girl she said "that's not how we do it." Um, ok, but legally you must give the price listed. We went ahead and paid the extra thinking it would be worth it, it wasn't and since their roll cutting machine is, and I quote the guy working there "on it's last leg because it's not cleaned enough" we were handed balls of mushed up sushi, not nicely cut rolls. We will never go back. Also, asked if they had WiFi and the response was yes but no one can get it to work. So really you mean no we do not have WiFi and we are too lazy too call our service provider to figure out the problem. Gotcha.
I would give this place zero stars if I could. After my encounter with Roy who also claimed to be the store manager, I will never shop at Spencer's again and I will warn my friends and family not to give them their business either. There was a Maytag duet washer and dryer on sale for $699 each, however the sticker said the pair was $1499 for both. Not sure who is doing the math here but that is clearly inaccurate. The sticker was labeled with a $200 "rebate" bringing the total to $1299 for the pair. When I pointed this out, the salesperson Roy said he honor the $1200 for both and then took the sticker down, corrected the price to say $1399 for pair but only included a $100 rebate. When I told him I would take the set for $1200 like he originally offered, I was then told I would have to take the floor model and they would not reduce the price for it. Needless to say, I am not impressed with their shady business practices.
idiot cannot drive cuts people off on road and with dog in back of pickup.. jerk
I also bought a voucher from Living Social for 3 man hours of cleaning. I've called numerous times, but the voicemail just goes to a generic voicemail box. There's not even any indication of this being a real business. The website listed was also defunct and just redirected to the company that sells websites. I called Living Social to get my money back. The girl I spoke with said she recalled helping someone else who had problems with this same company. Living Social did refund my money. They offered to try to work with the company to "resolve my issues", I said though that with how sketchy this was, I'd just rather not have them in my home. She said that occasionally a company they'll work with does get overwhelmed with the influx of business. But it seems to me they should put a cap on the number of vouchers they offer then. At any rate, this company is at best unreliable and unprofessional. At worst, it's a scam. Either way, I don't think I'll be recommending them to anyone I don't hate.
My letter to Wells Fargo: Wells Fargo Attn: Branch Manager 3002 N Central Ave Phoenix, AZ, 85012 To Whom it May Concern, I understand the customer is NOT always right. I understand that I am not now, nor will I ever be your best, most profitable customer. I don't make a lot of money, I am living paycheck to paycheck and barely making ends meet. I am trying to get back on my feet to where I can live without floating one bill to pay another. I have a Second Chance account and I am trying to do the best so I can transition to a regular account. But none of this means your employees have the right to treat me like a second class citizen. You have to understand that in customer service, when a customer has a good experience, they tell one to two people. When the customer has a great experience they tell 3 to 4 people. On the opposite end of the spectrum. When a customer has a bad experience, they tell 10 to 12 people and when they have a horrible experience, they take to social media where they are visible to hundreds or even thousands of people. I am a relatively new customer to Wells Fargo. Since opening my accounts, I have been in several times for various transactions, usually depositing a paycheck (which are now direct deposited), and have really always received world-class service from your employees from the moment I would walk in, to the moment I left. Yesterday was a completely different story. I will start by apologizing, as I was out of line at the end of the transaction. I drove off and flipped the teller off. I strongly feel though, that my actions at the END of this transaction do NOT validate your employees' treatment of me at the BEGINNING of the transaction. I was in a great mood because I finally received my tuition assistance check for $3669.00 from Arizona State University where I am a student. I rushed over to make it to your branch before they closed. I went through the drive through, only wanting to deposit this check. My friend and I waited for 10 minutes. The teller never apologized for the wait or explained what the hold up was, she just left us waiting. I am still in a great mood at this point though. Finally she comes back and advises simply that my check is being held. I ask why and until what date. This is when the conversation goes downhill. She tells me it is on hold until Tuesday because I have a Second Chance Bank Account and the check is from Bank of America and if I don't like that, I can go next door to Bank of America. Are you kidding me? Her first reaction is to tell me to take my business elsewhere?? Who does that?? She was so condescending and rude I was shocked. But I let it go and collected my ID, debit card and receipt. I noticed the receipt read the deposit was $3669 and that $3469 was being held. I pressed the call button and asked the teller about the $200 difference. She was clearly irritated with me at that point and tells me the entire amount is on hold as it clearly states on my receipt. I tell her its not clear on my receipt, that's why I am asking. She responds by telling me she is going to get her manager. What? Are you serious? Up to now, I have not talked back to her, I have not raised my voice, I have been completely respectful. The manager comes over. I try asking my questions again and she cuts me off saying as it clearly states on your receipt sir, the entire amount is being held. I say again, its not clear on my receipt. She again cuts me off and tells me its clear on my receipt. She cut me off and repeated herself 3 times. I was so furious I drove off and that is when I flipped her off. Again my apologies, but again, this does not validate how I was treated. I went into the branch as soon as they opened this morning and spoke with a manager. As soon as I told her I had gone through the drive through last night, she stopped me and said oh, "you're the guy that flipped off my employees?" and proceeds to lecture me as though I am a child and basically threatened to kick me out of the branch. Again, I had not raised my voice this entire time. She finally lets me explain what happened, and though she is verbally apologetic, it is clear she could absolutely care less. In fact, several times, she kept saying I don't know why they would have talked to you like that, I don't know what the circumstances were. There were no circumstances that I should have EVER been treated like that. Yes I flipped them off, but that was at the very end of the transaction as I was driving away. The manager never asked for my name or phone number, never said she would get back to me if she has other questions. She was just giving me lip service, and barely made any real effort at that. Normally I can forgive and forget, but these two interactions from three employees are unforgivable and I am now questioning my loyalty as a customer. What reason do I have to stay? Sincerely, Lucas R.
Cold rib-eye and warm beer is a bad combination, this place sucks! Apparently the salmon salad is really bad too, according to one of my dinner partners. We had an advertisement for restaurant specials placed in the middle of our table, but when various fellow diners attempted to order from it we were told that three of the items so publicized were not even available, which begs the question of why they would put such a thing on your table. I sent back my steak to be reheated and they couldn't even do that right. A thoroughly miserable dining experience...
Will never buy a Infiniti again based on the experience with this dealship. I purchased my truck in April and the finance manager understood that the truck was to be registered in Michigan they gave me 90 day tag. I waited a month and called the dealership to find out what happened, come to find out that he registered the truck in Arizona, So I called the main Infiniti financial corporate offices and they said that they will fix the mistake and send the stuff over to Michigan. Again I called the state of Michigan and they said they never received anything. So once again I had to call the corporate office, they said they sent the original title and they would have to order a new one for AZ DMV. Well my tag expired so I went to the Dealership on camelback and after waiting 2 hours after they told me to be there for there finance manager to get there. He was able to print me out a 30 day tag. At that time I was parked in the service entrance and asked about the weather stripping on the roof racks, the guy that came out from service said he has seen this happen before and he needed to order new roof racks and when they came in they would need to be painted to match the truck. He took all my information and said he would call me when they came in. Its now 2 months since then, I have called service 4 times to get an update each time they could not find the order nor could they even find the VIN and asked me if I was calling the correct place and there's no way that I purchased the truck there. I have left messages with the sales manager RICK, the service manager BILL and talked with the salesman Brent who said he would look into it. ALSO with not having the weather stripping the inside of the truck has water spots form the rain and car washes.
This dealership has the worst sales reps (Mark, Richard, Justin and the entire gang of scamsters). They called me thrice to the showroom promising a particular price when we spoke on the phone. The first 2 times I went to their showroom they backtracked on the price. In fact, I was looking for a specific pre-owned car which I had test-driven, and they phoned me multiple times (15-20) to strike a deal. When I finally agreed to their price, the fixed an appointment for the same day, but when I went to the showroom I was told that the car was already sold 3 days ago. Thats when I learnt that these are their business/marketing tactics to sell other cars to me. The managers here have no courtesy at all , not even basics like offering a seat/chair to the customer. He made us stand in his cabin (while he was sitting on his chair) and was totally unapologetic for wasting so much time and for his sales reps being so unprofessional with us. He was behaving (and insulting) us if it is our own fault that we fell into their trap. Totally unprofessional. Stay away from this dealership and its fraudulent salesmen.
I hope the manager of snap on optics reads my review and the others. After a lot of thinking if my review will be worth to write or not, I have come to the conclusion that it will be a good idea, not only because I want everyone to be aware but also as a help to the company so they stop making mistakes and get more business. My story: I bought a frame for my loupes that broke in April, called snap on optics and spoke with the customer service, she was very helpful at the time and prompt to answer all of the questions I had in regards to my loupes. I was very happy to receive my order in a matter of 2days. No problem here!! Today June I noticed a charge on my bank statement for 2.42(granted it's not much) but I wanted to know why there was an extra charge. I called and spoke with the same girl, I asked why the extra charge and she said at first that she forgot to charge me for the taxes at the time of my order; then I asked why I didn't get a phone call explaining me the extra charge before charging it to my credit card, she said that her manager asked her to do the charge without consulting me first. I told her that was not acceptable that they should have informed me of their intentions first before the charge; and then she said that the manager did the charge and she didn't know anything about it, what?!!! I told her that she should mentioned to the manager that I called upset because of the use of my credit card without a notice and that I didn't want to see another extra charge from them on my bank statement. Unfortunately I don't have the receipt of my order to verify of there was a tax charge or not. To the clients: Be aware if you buy anything from snap on optics. Make sure your taxes have been included in your order And keep the receipt otherwise you will find a surprise of an extra charge. To the manager: keep in mind the reviews, they are a good way to let you know the areas that you and your staff need to work on.
new location, same horrible service!! they just can't get it right!!! Food was sub par because it took so long to get quality service. They go hand in hand. I had to politely remind the staff that there were 4 tables sitting outside still waiting to get greeted. After the poor service & messed up meals, I told the manager the problems and he worked to correct them & was grateful that I said something to him, but u would think it would get better... Nadda even worse! Disappointing experience for myself & son (who is 3). At one point, my son asked to go next door to RA as he was just bored sitting and waiting for juice, ketchup, & his dessert.
If I could give this place no stars I would. Here is the story of my awful experience. I work near by this Corleone's and it's convenient to have a place that delivers since leaving for meals isn't always an option. We have ordered from Corleone's before and even though the price is WAY to steep for what you're getting we make the exception from time to time. Well this time I wish we would have just ordered a friggen pizza from up the street. I placed an order for delivery at 5:30pm. My place of business is about 15 minutes away, I was told when placing the order that it would take 45min to and hour, I figured "eh they're busy so it'll take a little longer" and brushed it off. After 1.5 hours passed I called back and spoke to the young lady who answered the phone. She let me know that the driver had just left and would be arriving any minute. A little peeved about the delay but still I understand what it's like to get busy and fall behind so I let that go. After ANOTHER 30 minutes pass we make another call and we are given nothing but excuses, that the delivery driver has been having car trouble etc. When asked to speak with the manager on shift I was placed on hold for 10 minutes. Now with all the time I wasted screwing around I could have had dinner from somewhere else by now and be done with it, but my card had already been charged according to the young lady on the phone. After being on hold for 10 minutes I hung up and called back. I shared a few words with the staff there about the incredibly long wait for my food and knowing that it has now been in a car for delivery for AT LEAST 45 minutes I asked for a refund of my money, the young lady complied with a refund and to bring fresh food for the inconvenience. Moments later a delivery driver shows up with a pizza in hand and announces that he was lost for 30 minutes, and instead of calling just continued to drive around. Now, I didn't order a pizza only sandwiches were ordered. So he showed up TWO HOURS LATER WITH THE WRONG ORDER!I let him know that we had new food being prepared at that time. He replied with an attitude that he had to go back to the restaurant to get our meal, and it was his fault in the first place! At this point a coworker called into Corleones to even confirm any of our order information. The person on the phone began to argue with her, and told her that our meal couldn't be prepared because the kitchen was closed!! Needless to say this was BY FAR the worst customer service/dining experience I have ever had. I will NEVER be eating here again, and I will be disputing any charges made to my credit card through my bank. How this establishment is still in business with a work ethic such as this is beyond me. Save yourself the trouble, if you want any food in this genre just order Streets of New York.
While driving south on the 17, my wife and I saw the Anthem Outlet billboard saying, "Avacado chicken salad $5.00 at Frescas". Wifey says, "hey, that sounds good. Let's stop!" Big mistake. She orders the salad, I order 2 fish tacos. What could be easier? We order. We wait, and wait, and wait. 1 cook. 1 order taker. 1 manager, standing there in his old faded Levi's, doing nothing... When our order finally is up, there is only one taco. Order taker says, "I thought you only ordered one". Hmm, I don't think so. When I pull out my receipt, she's right. But I realize I was charged $7.00 instead of $5.00 for the salad. Order taker says, "I'll order you another taco. It will only take 5 minutes." I say sure. After eating my 1 taco I'm thinking this is the worst fish taco I have EVER had. Do I really want another one? I reluctantly wait outside for taco #2 for 15 minutes and then approach the order taker and ask how much longer? They say "Oh he hasn't started it yet. After you walked outside, a bunch of other people came and ordered stuff so he made their food instead of yours. Alrighty then. I guess I'll be on my way. Life's too short. Don't settle for bad food or bad service. PS. Wifey hated her salad. We continued home and had some nachos and a beer.
Horrible experience. Contrary to others' reviews, I was not greeted at all when I walked in. When I ordered chicken nachos to go, this confused them to no end as if I was the first person to ever to have ordered nachos to go, even calling the manager over. The manager was impatient, unfriendly and unapologetic when I asked if there was a problem. I walked out before my order was complete, as I will not reward a business for poor customer service. There are too many other options. I hope your experience is better, I won't be back.
One star. Have my id and they denied me for nor reason other than I have basketballl shorts on. I'm in town for a freaking BCS Bowling Game are you kidding me????!! What a bunch of idiots!
Terrible service. We were stuck with them on a home sale, and as we were living out of town, we had to do the signing remotely. The notary they found cost $170, while I was able to find a mobile notary for $65. Also, they sent a UPS label with afternoon delivery, rather than morning, which delayed the funding by an additional day. They simply don't act like they care about their customers, so I'd never choose to use them again.
Horrible company! I was told I would be getting my cleaning that day and that it would only be $29 since I was a new patient. After x-rays the office manager came in and said my cleaning would be $112! When I asked why she said the dentist suggested a more thorough cleaning which wasn't covered by my insurance. She refused to let me talk with anyone else and said if I didn't pay the $112 I wouldn't get a cleaning. Needless to say I left and totally wasted my time. Virginia the office manager is extremely rude and unprofessional.
the second review for this company was posted shortly after i forwarded my review to mr. topel...funny how there were no reviews before i posted mine, and now there is a five-star review calling me crazy...ccfc is one of the most unprofessional companies i have ever had the displeasure of doing business with. why can't you accept your bad review and move on, mr. topel? one last thing: just discovered that mr. topel's WIFE is the five star reviewer. ccfc installed laminate over an uneven base floor, and i believe that is one of several reasons there are so many problems with our laminate. at one point he sent an employee to look at the flooring, and we were advised to buy carpets to cover up the buckled areas. Now there are several five-star reviews by people who joined Yelp specifically for the purpose of trying to offset my bad review dishonestly, and i have reported them to yelp! lol, of course he does a flawless job in his own home!!! now they have all of their friends posting five star reviews, which is to be expected by thieving cheating liars. ***angie's list, here i come!!!!*** i was told that businesses who get bad reviews on yelp frequently get their friends and family to offset the same...i hope that is not the case with angie's list, but we'll see, won't we? even if all of the five star reviewers *did* get their flooring thru ccfc, greg wouldn't do a substandard job on his friends' flooring, now, would he? this appears to be the work of mr. topel's wife, whom dan cooney told me wears the pants in the family...lol, dan said greg is totally henpecked (the nice way of saying it). anybody want pictures of the crummy workmanship i got thru these people? they installed laminate over uneven cement floor without any prepping what.so.ever. everywhere we walk we hear creaking and feel hollow areas. the most offensive part of all was having them blame us and our dogs for their substandard workmanship, the buckling everywhere, and the carpeting that **was not** aladdin, which was what we paid for (the cr@p they installed most likely came from greg's warehouse full of carpeting that he can't give away unless he is trying to screw over a customer...and i am one of those *lucky* winners!). and when we had the registrar of contractors here last year, greg was advised to replace the 20+ cracked slate tiles in our bathrooms...oh, yeah, that was an awesome **first** attempt at getting it right, greg. and the carpet had to be stapled down on three separate occasions at the bathroom entryways. and the quarter rounds on the laminate had to be re-stapled twice. and you were advised by the roc to put quarter rounds in some of the areas you intentionally neglected. horrible, horrible people who don't know how to take responsibility for their errors, only place blame on customers who don't kiss greg's behind and accept such insults without a peep...don't know how these people sleep at night, but eventually they will be held accountable for their actions. NICE NEW touch to your review "Carol S."...make sure to cover your behind on who referred you to CCFC...ROTFLMFAO!!!!!!! "If anyone is unhappy with the workmanship of this company, they have a problem." And the quote up top is PRICELESS!!! Love all the little jabs Greg's friends have made at me, when I have the right to tell the truth about my experience and not be taken to task for it. Josh K., I see that you joined Yelp for the sole purpose of posting your one and only sickening review. So pre-fab!!!! S.A., evidently you did the same ;D Hilarious how most of the other reviewers have not reviewed ANY OTHER COMPANY, except for the wifey, who has had a whole year to review four other businesses.
Yes, I wander in here all the time because I can not resist a puppy, BUT, and please read, the puppies are from puppy mills. I asked for some sire/dam information on a golden retriever puppy out of curiosity. Despite talking about the pedigree they could not tell me how large either parent was and said it was impossible to get any information. The dogs are adorable, but you are better off going to a shelter or finding a good breeder. Poor things!
I have visited this store several times without much luck. As in any consignment or 2nd hand store, this is quite normal. You dont always find the perfect item when you visit and have to make several attempts before wondering if it is the store or the customer. After visiting this store several times, I happen to be there one day when this woman began screaming at her 3-4 yr old little boy. I hadnt noticed him doing anything out of the ordinary other than a few skips thru the store. After the woman ripped into this kid, out of the corner of my eye I saw his REAL Mother grab him and hurry him out of the store. The woman who was screaming at him was the store manager/cashier/clerk!!!!! When I saw this, I left and never went back. I have dealt with the general public in all of my jobs and there is a good way and a bad way to deal with these types of things.
Had high hopes, but we were very disappointed in Blue Hound. My husband treated me to VIP tickets for Train at Comerica so I treated him to dinner prior to the show....so wanted this place to be great. Our creds: late 30's executives...DINK's so we enjoy fine dining often. Favorite Gastro-pub in Valley: Citizen Public House Scottsdale...also love Cowboy Caio in Scottsdale. Pros: - walking distance to downtown venues - industrial chic decor - best cocktail menu I have ever seen Cons: - Ironically, the food. Appetizers: pork bellies and cheddar biscuit apps. Pork bellies...we KNOW pork bellies...all over foodie menus across town...these were like rubber bacon. If you want fantastic pork bellies, go to Citizen Public House or Arrogant Butcher. Cheddar biscuits were good but nothing interesting. Dinner: husband had pork neck..it was nice looking but very ordinary and bland. I had Fried Quail...it was yummy...tasted exactly like KFC...came with cold corn bread, cold gravy and precisely 5 cold beans...could not taste the foie gras in the cornbread. Husband asked for bread to have with his pork neck soup...server said they didn't have bread but he would ask the kitchen...he came back with 2 tiny crostinis in a soup bowl...dry, tasteless, odd. - The service. Hostess (on 9/30 at 5pm) tried to seat us in an almost empty dining room at the one table right next to the table bussing station. REALLY? We asked for another table and she said we can't have any other table because she had to save those for groups of 4...completely understood so we took a table in a far corner. 5 minutes later she sat a couple at the 4-up...she was also unfriendly and didn't seem to want to be there. Our server was blah and wasn't at all passionate about the menu options...Servers at Arrogant Butcher are awesome! In closing...if you want a fantastic foodie meal in downtown, go to Arrogant Butcher...if you are in Scottsdale, go to Citizen Public House..ENJOY!
Awful service and marginal food at best. Way over cooked. That said, it's a lovely setting with immense, but unfulfilled, potential. The outdoor patio and tater tots were the highlight of a marginal experience.
WORST HOTEL EVER!!! DON"T EVER STAY HERE!!! I WISH I COULD GIVE THEM 0 STARS!!! We stayed here for my brothers 21st b-day weekend. We were in town for Dodger Spring Training. In my Aunts room there was a burnt spoon for drug use. Syringes feel out of the bed sheets and she was promised 2 king beds and only got one. Our room smelt like stale cigarettes and the bathroom smelt like shit when you walked into. We told the front desk and all we got was sorry we cant move you we are full. It was LOUD and kids were running everywhere. At 1:00am their were adults yelling in the hall way and nothing was done. Finally we come back on Saturday night only to find my brother and his fiancs room was ran sacked. They stole EVERYTHING. Even the remote to the tv. The hotel did NOTHING for them and the "on duty manager" was no where to be found. He answered his phone once and then never again that night. He was supposed to be in at 7am and never showed til 11:00am. When he finally got there he was a coward and came in the back door. He then called my brother and his fianc to the back not wanting to deal with or face all his problems. He told them they would run the surveillance and then when it was time he told them sorry only corporate can see it. F U Angel Ortiz your ass should be fired. I hope you had fun at the bar that night instead of doing your job as an "on duty manager" I will never stay at another HOLIDAY INN or anyone who is affiliated with them. You have lost a customer. But i know you could care less. But dont worry the news and news paper are being contacted because video and pictures were taken at how horrible your hotel is. Hope this saves some people from enduring the hell that we had to go through!
I cut this new Buffet a lot of slack back in May because they had just opened, but now here it is two months later & sadly the place is still a disaster case! I was joined for lunch today by Jose C. & Mike C. One thing that was all fixed and ok now was the bathroom, but then? Eek! :-O The biggest single problem was the food... a strange mishmash of dishes that didn't go very well together to begin with, & then almost everything I tried today was blah tasting & VERY SALTY! If fact, the Chicken Noodle Soup was so salty I couldn't even eat it, & I like salt! Then my "ice water" was served at the table at room temperature, and so on. :-O Someone mentioned in their review that the woman & man who run the place were yelling at each other during their visit. Yes, I heard the same thing both times I came here. :-O At the end we had to hunt for a long time to find the lady to pay her, & they don't even have a cash register or the ability to provide a decent receipt for the purchase. (My business requires me to keep them.) She fumbled around to find some money to give me my change! :-O I like a good Mediterranean Buffet such as the ones at Cafe Istanbul & Princess Mediterranean Market, but there are just too many shortcomings here, & they've had enough time to get things on track. Ugh! :-O Lunch Buffet: $7.99
If I could rate these people 0 stars I would. They are absolutely awful. They towed my friends car from the jack in the box parking lot when jack in the box didn't even call them. They are a bs company and the fact that they only accept cash just concretes the fact that they should be shut down as soon as possible.
I don't even want to give one star--is there a zero star option?? We have eaten at this Mellow Mushroom at least 10 times since they have opened and but service has always been mediocre. One of the reasons that we kept coming back is because we kept getting manager comped meals due to a variety of issues this location had. Tonight we went in for drinks and reverse happy hour after a birthday party at the establishment next door. There was a group of 20 of us there and after eating a full meal, and sitting there for 2 hours- I had drank ONE drink when I went to order another drink was told that our entire party was cut off from drinks. Excuse me?? When I asked why exactly that was the bartender/manager on duty sarcastically and rudely said "would you like me to call you a cab home?" and walked away. With zero explanation and a cocky bartender on his high horse thank you very much but I will never come back to this establishment again. At 11:30 at night on a Friday night I am not sure what sort of crowd you are expecting but I do not expect to be cut off after one drink. This place promotes their variety of beers on tap and is a BAR. The service is horrible and if you want drinks/food there are plenty of other choice in the area do do not go to the City North Mellow Mushroom. I highly recommend Modern Margarita or Kona Grill right next door!
Nasty! This establishment is managed very poorly. Waited over an hour for a pizza, and was teated poorly by the management. Unreal! Do not go here. Poor Management and Service.I would not recommend this establishment.
This place is a butcher shop. Arrogant, lazy staff that rushes to finish the job so they can get back to sitting or smoking out front. I know it's inexpensive but I thought you were getting the discount by compromising on ambiance, not quality. I'm 30 and it's probably been fifteen years since I had a hair experience worth crying about. Until this place got ahold of me, that is.
Do not waste your hard earned dollars here. For a Saturday night the place was almost empty. Appetizers (onion rings and fried zucchini) came out cold. The wings were very good. My wife's chicken dinner was COLD, beans almandine had no almonds and mushy. The so called smoked ribs were NOT smoked (1/2 rack was a 1/3 rack). The waitress added $40+ on to our bill, The peaches and cream martini had very little alcohol. After the adjustment the bill was still $175 and we drank very little for 4. . Oh, they were out of half of the deserts. I would have given this joint zero stars but you cant. Dont get me wrong I can afford a 5* restaurant but we decided to try Charr this place is doomed to closing. Oh NO cold glasses. The waitress brought glass's with ice water in them to chill them and emptied them but left 3 oz of water in the bottom. This place needs a visit from Gordon Ramseyor David Irvine.
The worst service ever. Ripped my expensive comforter. Manager Was rude and made it seem like they did me a favor for not charging for the service. Overcharged me for the rest of the service by running my card for a higher amount, then wanted to give me store credit instead of a refund. You've gotta be kiddin me...store credit...I'm never going back there.
I had time before my flight and wanted a glass of wine to ease into travel mode. Blanco is located in terminal four, gate D and has a fairly large seating area. I didn't have to wait but a minute before getting seated. I would have opted for the bar, but that was full, so I got a table instead. My server showed up a couple minutes later and I told her I just wanted a glass of red wine. Rather than bringing me a wine menu she asked me what kind....merlot, cabernet, malbec......"I'll have a malbec" I replied. When she brought the wine over I asked for the check as well. Let me say how shocked I was to see a $20 charge for one single glass of wine!!! I stared at it and said "this is the most expensive glass of wine I've ever had...is this right?" She then replied "oh yah, I thought that was expensive too. I even double checked on the price to make sure that was right." Excuse me??? I love wine and all, but my palate doesn't discriminate on the cheap stuff. I've never even bought a bottle of wine for $20 never mind a single glass! Needless to say, I thought it was rude of her that she double-checked with her bartender but didn't run over and say "hey, just wanted to make sure this was ok with you." If I ever find myself here again, never will I trust one of their servers.
Let's just say it won't become a habit for me.
Music was loud as shit. The food, Jesus Christ the food. Lame ass chips and salsa. No joke, like 8 chips were on the plate. Salsa was probably one of the worst I've had, no flavor at all and warm. Salads come out warm (I'm assuming this is why I've been puking). Gross right, warm lettuce. Waiter let's us know they can make daughter a little quesadilla (cheese only) which comes out so greasy. Our taco plates come out 10 minutes later. 2 dinky tacos on each plate that are flavorless and luke warm at best. Yes, they are spicey, no that does not mean they are flavorful. I'm literally using my cell phone to see what was on the plate it's so dark. Mint water was warm. Gross and not refreshing whatsoever. My daughter's quesadilla was $13, yes for 2 tortillas smaller than my hand and some 'cheese'. I get it- make a dollar, but damn, don't rip your customers off. So over the top lame. Neither my husband nor myself finished. Meal was $46. Horrible. Health department should go temp that place- I'm not sure the refrigeration is working properly. Such a disappointment, I've been a vegetarian for 18 years- was looking forward to a new spot. Won't be returning. Ever.
This rating is just for the $5.47 milk shakes. I was told by two people that they are really good and i was horribly disappointed. I kept my composure through half before it went in the trash. I cant remember the last time i threw food away until now.
Disappointing food and atmosphere. We went to Red Thai the previous night and sat at the bar for the Happy Hour. We were so pleased with that experience that we decided to try Sochu. This is about 180 degrees on the atmosphere and the food was mediocre at best. We ordered the fried tofu (which is hard to screw up); Red curry with tofu and the pad thai with tofu (since we are both vegan). The Pad Thai was too sweet and had eggs in it when we specifically said we were vegan. The red curry was just ok. It feels like they took the "A" team to Red Thai. We would never come back to Sochu.
What a mess of a hotel. General Manager Jim is a joke. I had a horrible stay here. The rooms are nasty and I was in a new one. So, they say! I called and left 4 messages for manager GM to call me and never did. Hotel told me they were not charging me and still did. Filed BBB complaint didn't respond (They have a F rating with bbb. I called and asked if they had an owner or corporate office I could speak too and they said No the owner lives in New Zealand. What a load of ... Finally, had to call bank and have them stop payment.
Skinny Italian is going to be bankrupt Italian within a year. While my wife and I really liked the atmosphere and the service was decent, the food was, quite frankly, horrible. Not okay, not so-so...terrible. And surprise surprise, we found out it's another mancuso restaurant which was also beyond repair. How this restaurateur stays in business is beyond me. Either people don't know what decent food is or his restaurants are like a mirage in the desert---an illusion at best. I had the pizza and the crust was neither light, flaky, or flavorful. My wife had the shrimp fra diavolo which is a seafood pasta and the seafood was okay except for the unopened mussel which should not have been served since those are no good. The marinara sauce on the pasta, touted as homemade, was disgusting. Instead of a vibrant red color it was almost brown and tasted as if it were burnt. By the way, the last time I yelped out of total disappointment and disgust was at another mancuso restaurant (Bobby's) and u see now it is no coincidence---these restaurants shun quality for a perceived upscale experience that is nothing more than overpriced garbage. Save your money. If I ate at an Olive Garden I would imagine you'd be happier there.
How very disappointing!!! I had lunch at The Skinny Italian several months ago and couldn't wait to go back. The bolognese sauce was one of the best I've had in a restaurant (when compared to my very own). Last night my husband and I went with two other couples. I had called ahead for a reservation and asked for a table, not a booth, for 6, but when we arrived, the front table, evidently the only one for 6 or 8 had to be set up for six. The server was very new and appeared afraid to take our orders. We ordered drinks but had to change our order since they were out the beer ordered and a wine we wanted. We were offered a taste of a Pinot Grigio which was very nice but we ordered a different wine. The stuffed mushroom appetizer and the escargot were average at best. The service was extremely slow even though there were very few in the restaurant. When the food arrived, I was really disappointed in the bolognese on my angel hair pasta. I really had been looking forward to the tasty sauce I previously had. The sauce was bitter and did not have a great flavor. My husband's puttanesca sauce was good but the chicken he ordered with it was evidently boiled and had an unusual color. Two at our table did enjoy their meals, a penne with clams and the puttanesca penne without the chicken. Unfortunately, we won't be going back. After my lunch there, I had recommended the restaurant to many friends....now, I'll have to add a caveat to go without my hearty recommendation.
If the option for NO STARS was available, trust me, this hotel would take the lead in the zero column. Seriously disgusting hotel. More like a motel. Nowhere near most of the key downtown locations. They sent me to a room that had not been cleaned -- GROSS. And then the next room they sent me to had no towels. Obviously I ended up leaving and not staying in this hotel. Lets just say everything in this place looked "sticky." Eww.
They were open for Cinco de Mayo, very understaffed! Especially for Cinco! It took FOREVER TO EVEN GET WATER. Our friends had arrived 45 minutes earlier and had just gotten their margaritas. So my husband and I ordered ours, 15 minutes passed, nothing, 20, 25, 30 minutes and counting. We finally were able to flag a server down and he was like "oh your drinks should be waiting, they are probably at the bar waiting right now." We said "no thanks, can we just get the checks please?" Absolutely terrible service, but they were extremely understaffed.
I made an account just to review this Starbucks inside Albertsons--that's how bad their service was. I asked for two very simple drinks, a black sweetened ice tea with and without lemonade, and I never tasted a disgusting Starbucks drink until now. I will definitely be driving an extra 2 miles to get quality Starbucks at Anthem.
SUPER SLOW! Never been to such a slow Cafe Rio. There was no one in line, but it too 10-15 minutes to get food. Poorly organized staff.
Will never shop there again. Worst customer service ever. Went and bought muscle tech protein and had to return it do to swallowing large chunks of something rubbery in the protein. Drove back the next day and exchanged it for lean body protein. What do you know, large chunks of this nasty rubbery substance in them as well. Went back to return it and she told us that all the protein is from the summer and had been out in the Arizona heat during shipment and that's probably what did it. I almost threw up in my mouth but she didn't seem to care one bit. Before I left, I grabbed some Atkins m&m's and I could hear them rolling around in the box and the box was also pretty damaged. I brought them to the front desk and she said," hmm, that's weird," and put them back on the shelf. Reallly??!!! All of the male employees are ZERO help and are constantly on their phones texting and Facebooking away. When you ask a question, they look at you as though you have disturbed their precious time. And to top it all off, after two batches of nasty defective protein they would only give us store credit no refund. We have been shopping with vitamin shop forever and just recently moved so had to switch locations. It's been so bad I refuse to shop at any vitamin shoppe ever again. Heed my warning and stay away.
Before moving to Phoenix, I went to a GiGis in Kentucky to buy him a cupcake to celebrate my move and many other memories. Gigis holds a special place because they are a symbol of tradition and many happy times. This Gigis took all that and stomped on it. I agree . . . there are few cupcakes and the customer service is poor. I called ahead to place a reservation for a few cupcakes that night. The lady said I did not have to do that, many cupcakes were available. I know this isn't protocol but said, " I am coming in the late afternoon, your selection is often limited. Can I please reserve?" No, no, she said I would be fine. Nope! There were a few cupcakes to choose from, all chocolate which my boyfriend hates. The lady in front of me had the same experience because she said, "you told me there would be plenty." I cried in the store. I had a white-girl fit. Not to ruin tradition, I called the Tempe location and the guy said, "Ill only save them if you promise to come pick them up." What kind of customer service and protocol is this? Promise to pick them up? I'm calling you. All around a terrible experience. . . .I hope the employees realize what type of service they are providing. The cupcakes are great, but I'll just wait til I visit Kentucky again to frequent Gigis.
While the move wasn't within the quote, that isn't my concern because it was a difficult move and I didn't expect it to. I needed to move my apartment and my mom's into one place since she is sick with cancer and I knew with the logistics the time would probably increase. What I was concerned about was the damage to my property and the reaction after the fact by the company as well as the cavalier nature with which my boxes were distributed. Bulwark took great care wrapping my cheap Ikea book shelves, but when they got to my locally-produced, hand-stuffed cherry wood futon that was delivered by the person who had produced it and had never been moved before that's when the trouble started. My apartment was on the third floor of a complex as they were on the second stairway struggling to hold it up, they shout out if they knew about a crack. I should have had them carry it down and show me, but there was one minor repair to a support beam in production due to the actually piece of wood needing smoothing out that the artisan had repaired during production and I foolishly trusted that was what they were talking about. In reality they had caused a giant crack all along the side of the futon during transport and were trying to pass it off as having been there. Once finished and once my mom's placed was packed we headed over to the new house and due to delays in the move, I needed to have my mom take over supervision while I went to work, When I came back home I sat on the futon and saw the giant crack and also saw that there were gigantic scratches all along the front and back, scuff marks rounded out the arms and divots all over the place on what had once been my favourite and only expensive piece of furniture. I contacted the moving company and they tried to claim that all of the damage was pre-existing (quite the achievement considering this particular piece of furniture came to my house directly to my place from the person who made it and it had NEVER been moved before). When I started looking into boxes the next day I realized that when they distributed boxes into rooms rather than actually looking at the box labels, which were clearly labeled for each room, they just randomly distributed boxes into rooms, so I've had to move all of the boxes a second time due to negligence. After the rave Yelp reviews, needless to say not only was I surprised, but I regret ever hiring Bulwark Moving Company.
Not the best experience for me and my wife. Only reason for 1 star is because 1) we got our food, and 2) a man that seemed to be the manager/owner asked us if we needed help with anything while we waited for our food, showing that he's at least trying to act like he cares. My wife and I ordered a grilled cheese sandwich, a caesar salad, and 2 small mochas. The salad was pre-made, fair enough. Later on when I did finally eat it, it didn't taste fresh, and I hope they added lemon or something to the dressing, because it tasted kind of funny. Hopefully my stomach won't be making me pay the price. Our mochas came out next, and tasted cheap. And...did they use Hershey's chocolate syrup?! $3.50/ea for 12oz cups of cheap mocha, nice. Grilled cheese with fries took way too long to make. We stood around for a good 20-30 minutes, and was starting to get concerned that we wouldn't have enough time to each before we have to board our flight. The place is way overpriced. Over $20 for a small thing of lettuce, small grilled cheese with some fries, and 2 small mochas. Oh, and the girl that took our order was...having a bit of an attitude. Someone's tired from working hard all day, I assume. Thanks for showing it to your customers! Overall, would NOT recommend this place at all to anybody. Pros: -Got our food -Next to our gate Cons: -Bad food -Bad service -Slow -Overpriced -Possibly expired food
Easily the worst establishment in downtown Phoenix. Hands down. I can't express how badly I wish I could give 0 stars to this place. Disrespect from the second we showed up to the last. I want nothing to do with the employees or the clientele and I'm embarrassed to say I wasted my New Years Eve here. I want a refund of the time I wasted here. Cityscape is a great thought. There are some gems. Unfortunately it's the trash like Gypsy Bar which will continue to pull the wrong demographic into the area and will lead to the demise of the center. If Gypsy Bar is still open in 2014 I'll eat my words, haggle with cholo bouncers and buy you all an over-priced, watered-down drink from an asshole bartender. But don't count on it. If you want a real drink in the area - go to the Blue Hound at Palomar. I promise a completely different and improved experience.
Not at all reliable. Makes appointments and does not show up. Installed shutters on a door and the frame was too small to allow the door knob to operate. Promised to come back and did not show or call. Then Jim is angry because you called him too many times (even though he does not answer his phone).
I was trying to give 0 starts but oviously that's not possible so I will have to give 1 extra star for them. I was a tenent for a year. I will just list some problems I had. 1. Air conditioner broke down in the summer(August?). I made a call to their "maintenence" team but never came to fix it at all. Made about 3 calls but nope. I fixed it by myself by keep turning on and off for like 50 times. 2. Our front yard was a jungle when we first moved in. The guy showing us the house even told us it is.... Well we had to pay $200 when we moved out because the front yard was a little bit cleaner than when we moved in.
Wow what a let down, concept so great service terrible! Food way over priced for your basic sandwiches and small plates. Went for my 30th birthday hoping to enjoy a new local joint, rudest staff in the valley. When I called in to make reservation I was told it's first come service in the Yard area, arrived at 6 on a Friday and was told I should have made reservation! Wound up waiting for an hour for a table and when my party size grew I was shunned by the manager and had to send friends away!!!!! Awful way to spend my birthday. Do yourself a favor skip this place just full of rude staff and hipsters not to mention the parking nightmares and $$$$$ went to a dive bar across the street and had a better time.
It made a lot of sense that this place only has 3 stars even though it's pretty popular. Here right now with a very large party. They definitely had a table that we requested that would comfortably accommodate all of us. However, that request was blatantly ignored. Once we took it upon ourselves, we were scolded by our waiter? Now, I really want you to keep in mind I am completely sober due to a medication I'm taking. If it weren't for a dear friends birthday, I would not step foot in this place. The food is actually pretty good and they have some interesting drinks. The portions are very small and overpriced. Now, because of the inconsiderate staff, some of our more emotional party members are getting their feelings hurt by half the party having to sit elsewhere. Culinary dropout, I am disappointed in you just like your teachers and parents were. Grow up already.
Staff is unfriendly and rude. It made the entire experience extremely unpleasant. One of the waitresses walked up to our group and told us we were "suffocating" the tables around us. We were in shock with how rude the staff treated us and their other customers. Also note that you have no choice but to park through their complimentary valet. Further note that if you order something just before happy hour ends at 6 p.m. on Friday, you may not get the happy hour price. I will not go back.
It's nice for the "Assistant Manager" to apologize but seems most if the stores are like this. All very young kids who could care less about you as the customer. We went to one in Phoenix tonight (first time) and will never return. We were treated horribly by the "tween" staff, and when we called the "assistant mgr", she didn't care either. Subs were plain and tasteless. Will be sticking with Jersey Mike's. Very sad how you are treated at Jimmy Johns. At least at Jersey Mike's, your treated with respect.
First, the service was terrible; slow and cold. The food was sort of okay. Then I noticed the wine I was drinking was opened by pulling the cork through the foil without removing the metal around the mouth of the bottle. Every time the wine was poured, it flowed through the leaves of metal foil on the way to the glass. This is tacky for a greasy spoon diner...unacceptable for a "wine bar"! I won't be returning.
I've never seen five people work so slowly before. I've never stood in line or waited for over ten minutes. I've never heard a girl talk more than do her job and concentrate on the drive thru. The girl with black glasses always has an attitude that sucks. I will not be back anymore. You lost a good customer today.
I would give this company negative stars if I could. I called in the day before to make sure that JMLTSS had received a payment because I could not remember if I had paid them or not. They told me to come in the next day to see if they had it on record in the computer. It turns out they did not have a record of my payment, but they let me take the first half of the class up until lunch break. I was told that during lunch break I could try and get a money order. During lunch I told them that I did not have cash on me for a money order and the only thing I had was credit and this is when Jennifer, their front desk person started becoming extremely unprofessional and displaying a ghetto attitude with me because she thought I was trying to get out of paying for the class. She suggested that I even incur fees with my bank trying to take out money via credit card to pay for a money order. After going back and forth with them about not thinking that a cc could be used to get a money order, I reluctantly went to the Fry's down the street to try to get a money order.I came back upset because sure enough, Fry's would not a take credit card payment for a money order.This was the last day that I had to take my traffic survival school class before my license would be suspended and I was desperate to work out a solution with them even though they were being unreasonable. Jennifer ended up running my credit card through Paypal and I was told I could sit in for the other half of the class. Ten minutes later they told me that they would not accept my payment because Paypal would take two days to go through and they made me leave. They told me they would give me half credit for the class, but at this point I had already made the decision to not go back and find another tss school since my license would be suspended anyway. This is by far the worst experience I have ever had with a company and I am by no means a confrontational person. I felt that I got taken advantage of and I am shocked that these people run a business like this. I took accountability for my actions, but customers should not be treated like this in any way. I still remember Jennifer shaking her head from side to side and raising her voice at me when I was trying to work out a payment method with her. It is my impression that Jennifer made me go through all that fully aware that I would not be able to give her a cash payment that day and that she simply wanted to seek give me the run around. Horrible experience!! About a week later my boyfriend drover me all the way to Stop and Go traffic survival school in Gilbert so that I could take the class again. The instructor was friendly and I was finally able to get my ticket taken care of. Later on I had to dispute the credit card charge that Just My Luck did through Paypal and I was able to get a refund. Jennifer never acknowledged that she ever kicked me out of class . I had to prove that she never paid me the $60.00 back, and after looking through her records she found out that this was true. I threated to go to the Better Business Bureau to report her if she did not refund my money and she eventually paid me back by check through the mail. Till this day I will not go back to Just My Luck Traffic Survival school.I highly recommend going elsewhere to fulfill your driving school or traffic survival school requirements.
I made an appointment for a blow dry online for 10 am. I received a text and an email confirmation. On arriving at 10 am I was told my appointment was for 10.35 am and I would have to wait, in a unapologetic fashion. I went to the awesome trader joes around the corner and arrived at 10.33 am, to see that they already had taken 2 clients.... My hair was started at 10.55 am or so. The blowdry was mediocre. To the owners credit, she did offer me a buy one, get one free deal which I declined, but has not replied to my email. I would have preferred a sincere apology. Go to the DryBar on 32nd! Amazing customer service and better Blowouts.
So after eating here for a going away lunch for a fellow colleague 3people (including myself) have not felt so hot since. Our P.I. In the office did some research and found that this restaurant recently had an surprise inspection from Maricopa county, you should take a moment to read that before you decide to eat here...
Overrated place with subpar service and an inordinate long wait for your food once ordered. We visited on a busy Sunday at 1:00pm and waited 15 minutes (not bad) for an inside table. However, our waitress was awful and inattentive. Once our salads and burgers were ordered it took over 45 minutes before we received our food. Food was tasty but a bit pricey. Further, we twice asked our server for the salt & pepper shakers and finally got her attention after a third time. Wow! At these prices management should retrain the staff, cooks, and the host on better service with speed and proper follow up to make customers feel more important.
Ok so this review is based strictly on the fact that the parking staff weather contracted or not wasted 45 minutes of our life we will never get back! After getting off the freeway and waiting 45 minutes in line to turn into the parking lot they made everyone turn around and leave the parking lot as it was full. It would have been nice if they would have posted a sign prior to waiting in the ridiculous long line! We won't be back!
By the stars you already know this won't be a glowing review. You've got to be BAD to deserve it, especially if you aren't a chain. This place does. So the story goes... I was attending a seminar downtown and am TRYING to be healthy. I really do enjoy a good salad and was in the mood. I found this place nearby (Using Yelp of course) and was looking forward to it. I was STARVING when I got there, which would typically sway a review to the positive side, and got one large and one small salad. Hey... I said I was staring... For the large I got a cobb because I like them about 100% of the time because of the meat, cheese, egg, etc. This cobb was disgusting. Strong words but it was. Processed chunks of turkey with tasteless turkey bacon on top. No egg but did have avocado. Other than the lettuce and spinach it was the only thing edible. Even the blue cheese dressing which they buy, I'm sure of it, was really bad also. Nonetheless I cleaned my bowl like a good boy but I was really scratching my head because it is rare when Yelp leads me this far astray. The second salad was going to be good for sure! So... I dug into it. This one was the "Steak Escape". I was looking forward to it when I ordered it and really looking forward to it after the abomination I just choked down. WOW more like the steak escaped from the frozen food aisle at the Dollar store. It wasn't actually steak, but frozen thin slices of beef that they warmed up, and thoroughly dried out, on the flat top. Kind of like when you get cheesesteak but they didn't even bother to chop it up to make it look appetizing. Just put the flat rectangle on top of the salad along with three or so tomatoes. I don't remember seeing any peppers or onions. I couldn't believe it was possible but I think it was even worse than the first salad. Side note: If you want a FANTASTIC, knock your socks off, tell all your friends, beef salad try the Spicy Chicago Beef Salad at Half Moon by the Biltmore. Sooooo good and a good portion (I can only eat one of those) Now back to D'Lish. This place bills itself as a healthy, kind of hip, place but is churning out processed junk. It's been two weeks and I'm still shaking my head. Disgraceful salads. Really they were. Oh... the guy at the counter was really strange too. Sweating for no apparent reason and looking shifty. Remember that guy at the pawn shop in the movie Men In Black?... I was waiting for Will Smith to bust in and blast off his head and another, even sweatier one to grow back. No second chances for this place, especially since I tried two things my first visit.
Terrible customer service. They will not answer letters in which I explain my concerns. They charge you for equipment you already own and threaten to terminate yourservice when you point this out, AND to apply the early termination charge. I suggest a letter to your states Attorney General and filing for a judgement through your states Small Claims Court system.
We had Direct TV as a couple (married) at our address for nearly three years. Upon separating, he moved out and took the service with him. I waited two months and ordered my OWN service. I went through a 40 minute set up call. I was told someone would be at my home between 8 and 10 am on Saturday. I then received a call on Saturday stating that I was committing "fraud" and that no one would be out on Saturday and that I could upgrade my services if I wanted to. I had the MOVED OUT EX call in and straighten it allll out with them. I called this morning, "Appointment good?" "Yes." I sat around my house for FOUR HOURS waiting for them to show up. They never did. I call in AGAIN. Now they are accusing me of fraud under a completely DIFFERENT last time. We have been disconnected 14 different times and called six different numbers trying to get this straightened out. Needless to say my last call was to say come get your piece of garbage satellite off my wall, patch the holes, and I'll be on the phone with Cox.
I do not have DirecTV installed yet, but so far the customer service I have received is extremely poor. Decided to get DirecTV due to an offer that DirecTV was running with Costco. I'm not going to go into detail here, but basically when you are a Costco member you get DirecTV rebates and discounts not available otherwise. I called a special number required to get the offer and ordered over the phone. I would do it on-line, but from what the info says, you must order it on the phone or at Costco to get the special deal. But also note then when you order on the phone as opposed to on-line, you pay an additional $20 "shipping and handling" fee. Also note the installer brings the equipment to your house, so what they are actually "shipping" I have no idea. So order on the phone, say I want the Costco offer, etc. A few hours later I get an "Order Confirmation" which contains the normal charges you would get for signing up, but NONE of the benefits of the Costco deal. What they did manage to include is 16 pages of every known fee or charge I might experience, in very fine detail, but any additional discounts are nowhere to be found. I called them up and they say I will at least get the rebate, but they have no way to tell me that in writing. As for the additional third year discount promised, even the sales rep admits that is no where to be found. I think this is bait-and-switch. They expect me to agree to all of their terms, but could care less about providing the benefits they are promising. If they can't be honest with customers early on, can you believe anything they say?
After having been a DTV customer for 12 years, I needed to cancel my account as I am having a major surgery and will need to be in a rehabilitation facility and a long term care for some time. You would think that canceling my account, which is in good standing and always has been, would be a simple call, NO WAY. After being put on a lengthy hold, a cancellation specialist finally answered and informed me that I would be charged a $260.00 CANCELLATION FEE! When I informed her of my 12 years of service with DTV, she informed me that "Every time you get new or upgraded equipment, you are signing a NEW 2 YEAR LEASE. ????? Last year I moved and when the installers came to move my service, they informed me that my equipment was "old and no longer viable" and advised that I MUST get replacement equipment as they COULD NOT install my service with the old receivers. As I didn't believe them, I called DTV while they were there and talked to a manager who , after speaking with the installers, confirmed that I needed new equipment.THey quoted a price of over $600.00, including the installation (so much for "FREE MOVING" promise) for 2 receivers (yes 2) and my apartment was already fully pre-wired for Direct TV. I had paid for DTV protection plan for 12 years and assumed it would be covered. Long story short, It took over 10 hours (no exaggeration) of phone calls in the following weeks to get the insurance to cover $200.00 of the $600.00 installation bill AND they insisted on a "$100.00 credit and $10.00 off a month for 10 months" method of payment. What kind of insurance is that? According to the CSR, that situation constituted "Upgrading Equipment" and I had agreed to a new 2 year lease at that time. I argued with her and her supervisor for an hour. I finally asked for a manager and after yet another lengthy hold, was told that they would "credit my account for the early termination fee due to the circumstances". There NEVER should have been any fee to begin with. So DTV is now telling us that every time their equipment malfunctions and they have to replace it that a new 2 year contract goes into effect. How do you ever complete a contract if their equipment needs to be replaced every 18 months??? WHY am I having to sign a 2 year contract when I'm not receiving discounted programming or free installation and equipment?? Why in 48 states do you HAVE to provide them with your credit card number and allow them to apply any charges they decide to impose??? Yet another strong arm tactic/threat to get you to stay with them.. This is evidence that DTV KNOWS its customers are so unhappy that they want to jump ship ( see any of the more than 50,000 poor reviews of DTV available at top review sites) and this is their way of forcing you to stay. Any company that has to trick you into lengthy contracts and force you to stay with them is simply NFG. PLEASE DON'T FALL FOR THEIR SLICK ADVERTISING. STAY AWAY!!!!!
I have been with direct tv for a lil over a year now. Cannot wait for my contract to be over! I always pay my bill on the 17th of every month. April 17th I paid my bill and my phone sent a text to me to let me know that the $110 was removed from my account. Well on the 2nd of may I received a text letting me know that another $110 was taken out of my account from direct tv in which they said I authorized...umm I did not authotize that. When I called them they stated that they could not do anything about the money because they did not see it on my account and for me to call back in couple days to see ifvthe payment posted it then if it did they could possibly refund it to me. When I called them back..the lady on the phone said that yes it did post and basically there was nothing she could do about it. She stated that I needed to pay another $110 on may 17th so theIr would be no servIce InteruptIon. What??!! Worst customer service! Its bullsh#t that they can just take my money without my authorization. I work hard for my money and $110 is a lot for me..espicially since that was my rent money :( grrrr
Sorry but who ever designed the order at one end pay at the other end and fight though all the people waiting in line to pickup your order in the middle is brainless and as stupid as your pizza is greasy
This place is packed - so why give a flying ... about a single traveller. First question at the door "do you really want to wait???" So what's the alternative? F*** off??? Next stage is the server with excessively negative and stressed out attitude. On the shittiest available spot at the bar he takes somebody else's order first who arrived with me and takes off. When I want to place my order he gives me s*** that I'd have wait my turn which "for sure takes another 10 min hehehe....". At this point I am ready to walk but give it another 30sec. Cancel the ordered drink and earn a loud and clear "PERRRRFECT". Picture of 'person' posted. Keep away from maniac and this hole. Actually, I liked them and had dinner with clients in Scottsdale many times (used to recommend their mushroom dish) but that's it! Unfortunate and bad experience. Go to McDonalds next time
This company was supposed to send an academic book to my brother. After failing to do so, we drove to the branch in Phoenix where a staff member complained about how she was supposed to off the clock! We waited so long for the package once we got there. How unprofessional.
Bathrooms are not nice. Moved out of the state for work in March and called to cancel my gym membership. Was told everything was set. Just noticed that I had been getting billed for 10 months after calling to cancel my membership. LA Fitness refuses to give a refund. I am extremely dissatisfied with their customer service, and was not very satisfied with their gym to begin with. I would not recommend this gym, find a Bally's, 24 hour fitness, or buy a treadmill instead of signing up at LA Fitness (unless going to the one on Scottsdale Road).
I was approached by a representative from their gym in a near by store. He solicited me for la fitness membership. I declined the offer. The representative then made a INSULT towards me since I turned down his offer. I never was and WILL NEVER EVER join LA Fitness at that location or ANY LA Fitness ANYWHERE in the world!!! I also want to encourage others to NOT join LA fitness at that location or ANY LA fitness gym!!
Not sure. Had a 10:00 appointment, and owner?/stylist was a no show. Finally called at 10:15 and said was having trouble getting a cab. Hard to own a small business if you can't manage guest expectations or time.
