These guys are AMAZING! I brought my car in and they checked over the WHOLE car! I realize my car needs some TLC. The guys prioritized my list of things I need to get done and made me estimates too. I know I have alot of money I need to save to fix my car but the guys are helping me out and we are doing a little at a time. I LOVE the fact they told me EVERYTHING that was wrong with my car. They have a GREAT staff, a WONDERFUL warranty (2 years/24,000 miles on Parts & Labor), AMAZING technicians, and an attitude of service. I feel at home and will NEVER take my car someplace else, EVEN just for an oil change!!!
Matt and Tim were great. When going over solutions I felt they were straight forward and upfront about the cost of the repairs. I also felt that they understood how I felt about being separated from my money. Our Volvo is running great and we hope to keep it running for a long time with the help of Virginia Auto Service.
Well, I have a little 2001 Ford Taurus. My lovely silver grandma car is fantastic for the 100-200 miles I drive per month. And now, my little car has a great shop looking after her. I took my car in as it was time for an oil change and I was convinced my serpentine belt was about to go. It had that tell-tale burning smell which was making me nervous. Turns out I had a loose oil-filter from my last oil change and dripping oil + catalytic converter = my car is about to die smell. Virginia Auto Service changed my oil and cleaned up my engine. It was so nice to receive a call from them saying my belt was fine and an oil change was all I needed. It was refreshing to be given an honest assessment vs being told some great story about some random repair that was needed...I am a female after all and have received some rather odd diagnoses in the past (your rotors fell off, so you'll need to have them replaced for example). It is very reassuring to know I now have an honest, kind and reliable repair shop for my car. Did my oil change run a bit more than some $19.99 special? Yes, but it was so worth it! Now my little one won't be getting an oil change for another year most likely, but my service advisor, Robert, asked me to please stop by every three months so they could check out my belts, tire pressure, etc just to be safe. Now THAT is service!
You won't be disappointed. We've eaten here about 7 times now, and we are ALWAYS delighted. The Beef Panang is just killer. The strips of beef are incredibly tender and of high quality. I usually find that the strips are a perfect medium (which I didn't know was possible in Thai cuisine). The sauce, ohhhhhh the sauce. Pour it over the rice (if you get it to go) and just love. Personally, my favorite is the yellow curry. Look, I've had Thai Elephant, Thai-E-Sam, Thai Basil, and another Thai joint in Phoenix that I can't remember. Yellow curry is my dish. It's absolutely the best here. Every time I eat it, my scalp tingles and I slip into a blissful happy place. The steamed vegetables are so tender that they fall apart. The little relish on the side is shockingly delicious and refreshing. The duck sauce that comes with the fried rolls makes them worthwhile. I know there's something with peanut sauce (satay?) that makes me happy. Appetizers and desserts are up to you. If you like cellophane wrapped veggie rolls, they're great here. If you like coconut ice cream, do it. If not, you can probably skip these as they cost as much as the entrees. Another note: don't come here thinking this is 100% authentic Thai cuisine. It's definitely Thai...but upgraded. In my opinion, it's perfect. It's also a good place to take someone on his or her first taste of Thai.
Wow, just realized my reviews were never finished... So, this is from a year ago at Thanksgiving. Haven't been back, but would definitely try it again. ************* We just returned from a delish meal at Wild Thaiger, after reading all the great reviews. I'm happy to say it didn't disappoint! We had appetizers as well as dinner, and everything was sooooooooo tasty! The presentation was pleasing, the portions outrageously large, and the service exceptional. Granted, we did have the place pretty much to ourselves (being the day before Thanksgiving...). Still, it was a great experience. We'll definitely be back!
Most of my reviews for Asian restaurants in Phoenix begin with something like, "it's good...for the area," but this place is just plain good. I'm a pretty serious Thai food snob and--even when I lived in Chicago--I only frequented a handful of Thai places. That being said, I'm definitely going to be a repeat customer at Wild Thaiger. My husband and I gave it a try for Dining out for Life when our first choice had a long wait. I've never been so happy I couldn't get a table somewhere. We sat outside on their patio which I would recommend to anyone. It's open yet cozy and comfortably cool. For our appetizer, we had the seafood pancake. I've never had anything like it but the description sounded too good to pass up. It's a crispy pancake full of sprouts, scallions, shrimp, mussels and squid. It was delicious and really unique. For dinner, I ordered the Decha Boar. The description listed it as being perfect for the "true Thai foodie." With a description like that, I had to order it. The dish was spicy and flavorful. I'd caution anyone not familiar with Thai food that it might be a bit too spicy for you even if you like spicy foods. Different chiles effect people differently. My husband ordered the Ginger Fish. The sauce on the fish was like liquid crack. I could've taken a bath in it. Long story short: it was SO good. I'll definitely be back to try some of their other menu items. They have a smaller menu compared to most Thai places and I believe this allows them to focus on perfecting a few dishes instead of doing lots of mediocre things with Thai flavors. Check this place out!
After an intense therapy session, I came to Wild Thaiger to debrief. They have lunch specials and bottomless french-pressed tea. The organic green tea is my favorite. Everything was very delicious and refreshing. The patio is the style of restaurants on Washington Ave, Miami Beach. My 'Thai Spicy' green curry beef came out artistically and I took a picture. I saw other people taking pics of their food, as well. Who doesn't want to eat beauty? The soup was fantastic. I doctored it up with mad jalapenos and dry red chili paste. My nose was snotting down my face.. Cultural note to the haters: Thai people eat cockroaches as an after bar street fare. Jebus ppl! It's better than a bacon wrapped hot dog out the side of a utility van.
I went here when I was feeling a little under the weather and got the Super Soup. It was amazing! I got it spicy and it was most def really spicy! It was such a huge soup for 9$. I had one of my friends spring rolls which were one of the best I have ever eaten! I think its one of the best Thai places in Phoenix!
Ordered lunch for pickup. It was ready when I got there, the place is clean, cool and refreshing. The food was SO FLAVORFUL!!!! No soggy bland phad thai here! The SO GOOD. :) I will DEFINITLY come here again.
This is a must try if you live in Phoenix and like Thai food. Great food, clean/hip place, great service, reasonably priced...what more can you ask for?
Wow! The smell got me from the moment my dining partner and I entered. I could just tell things were "right" about this place. Then we saw the plates walk by..and the plates in front of the seated diners. I've paid a lot for smaller plates in the past. These plates could feed an army, and they are stacked with fresh cilantro, sprouts and frisee' beets. Truly a gorgeous spectacle of food. We could not believe the cheap price, too...$9 for the pad thai. It was THE BEST pad Thai we've ever tasted, and we've had it all over the country. Because the place was packed on a Tuesday afternoon lunch rush we were seated at the bar and served right away. I had the Thai iced coffee, served elegantly in a tall ice-filled glass. Strong and sweet. My dining partner had tea served in a French press. We had a soup starter (the broth was perfection), shared a plate of fresh spring rolls, which are the best I've had since I ate them for the first time in 1985 at Arc En Ciel in Garland, TX, because Wild Thaiger uses mint leaves--the only way to do them in my book. They were not only delicious, and were accompanied by an exquisite peanut/citrus blend sauce with hints of anise...they were plated beautifully. Served two for $9. The place is smallish....four booths and the rest tables, with a few cafe height two-tops lining the hallway toward the bathrooms in the back that were obviously added out of necessity. The bar over looks an open kitchen where the owner/head chef prepares food next to assistant chefs. It is a show in itself. Photos line the walls near the bathrooms and some of them are impressive--the head chef with some local celebrities and one with Steven Seagal. What were most impressive to us are the photos of their annual celebrations. Brightly costumed servers and performers...We want to know when these take place! If you love Thai...GO THERE!
Consistently the BEST Thai food in Phoenix!
I've only been going here for just under a year. I'm expecting my first child and had a lot of questions, and everyone from the front desk all the way to the doctor answered every single one of them.. No problem. Dr. Gibson is my doctor, she is very helpful, and she has answered every question for me, she is kind and asks questions about my family just to get to know me. I feel very comfortable going here and I would recommend it to anyone.
Even though we have moved away from CenPho, my husband and I still use this Safeway Pharmacy. Quite frankly, they provide the very best pharmacy customer service I have ever experienced in my 14 years in the Valley. They know us by name. There have never been any hassles with insurance that they have not dealt with immediately. They communicate. They are fast and they are friendly. As a former Pharmacy Tech, I can tell you that their job can be downright awful sometimes, but we have never experienced anything but great service here. I have used Osco, CVS,and Walgreens in the past and have dealt with lost prescriptions, crappy service, errors on my prescription labels, and other incompetencies . None of that has ever happened at this Safeway Pharmacy. The only thing Safeway Pharmacy has been lacking that the big chains have is the ability to link to all their stores, but Safeway will have that capability soon, I was recently told. If you want both personal and professional service that is quick and error free, then transfer all your prescriptions from the Walgreens across the street like I did.
Long time user of Yelp...first time reviewer and Sam's is the reason! WOW...what a great restaurant and an even better experience. First, the chips & salsa that showed up as we sat down - Almost impossible to describe how good this combination of sweet, spicy, flavorful and tangy this kickoff to dinner was. You must go and you MUST have the chips and salsa...YUM! Then, dinner. And it was fast and delicioso! I had the Black and Blue quesidilla and my partner had a pork dish and holy cramoly...amazing. Not only was the service fabulous and fast, but the attention to detail was truly surprising AND, did I mention the food was fantastic! Then we met up with Nicole - manager extraordinaire and a really nice person to socialize with during dinner. She came over and asked how our dinner was going and then shared stories of her experiences with us and what's cool (and not so cool) about Phoenix. Always great to hear it direct from a local . . . thanks Nicole, you made our evening really special. And then finally, after all was said and done, our waitress Sally brought these little corn-husk wrapped fingerlings of vanilla infused white-chocolate with pecans encrusted throughout. Seriously...just shoot me! I'd give Sam's a 10 star rating, but then again, this is my first time reviewing a restaurant so, it's a pleasure to start off my Yelp career with such a great and wonderful place. PLUS, there's a Canyon Cafe' restaurant (parent company of Sam's) about 10 minutes from my house in St. Louis so as soon as I get back home, I'd headed there for more fun and food. Thanks Sam's...WOW!
One of our favorites. I love that you can walk right in on a Friday or Saturday night without waiting for a table - I don't know why that is, maybe the location? But the food has always been phenomenal. The seared tuna and fresh veggies is so good and the portion is twice the size I've ever gotten elsewhere - so it's a great lunch the next day. Chips and salsa are the best of anywhere. The chips basket is a mix of white and blue corn, PLUS fried wonton wrappers with a sweet/spicy spice blend AND sweet potato chips. Sooo good. And it's a great, roasted salsa too. I've had dinners, salads, quesadillas there and everything has always been good. I'd always take my assistant there for secretaries day or for their birthdays and they always love it. We've had out of town visitors and they always love it too. If you love calamari, there's is great. IT's cornmeal dusted with a spicy sauce... but there's TONS... so bring friends. Really. Usually a calamari order is $10+ and so small you don't want to share, this is under $10 and enough for 5 ppl. Delish. I LOVE that they bring you a white chocolate (and pecan) tamale after dinner. Just the perfect little two bites of sweet to finish your meal. Consistently good food.
The desire to bring my mom here is damn near overwhelming. Victorian antiques, kitschy decorations, and brocade wallpaper - and did i mention fantastic scones with Devonshire cream? I'm not even a girly girl (look for me slurping Irish breakfast tea in a Dramarama t-shirt), but I just can't help feeling frilly and feminine in this place. Spot on, my good man (translation: 'aw, hell yeah', for those less pasty).
If you are looking for a classic Catholic church in Phoenix, this is it. St. Mary's Basilica has a beautiful sounding choir, wonderful priests and a historically Catholic feel with architecture and structure. I think it has something to do with the fact that Pope John Paul II visited this basilica years ago for World Youth Day. I've been going to St. Mary's Basilica for years. Ironically enough, Father Vince, who is a priest at St. Mary's Basilica, used to be the priest at St Isidore's in Danville, California which was the church I went to when I was growing up. During the holidays, I make sure I attend mass at St. Mary's Basilica. There's something about the architecture, music, and Mass that makes this a perfect church for those times. However, it's also a great church for Sunday mass. Around 7 years ago, my sister married her husband at St Mary's Basilica and I was lucky enough to be the Maid of Honor. The wedding was a full Mass and made it such a special day for my sister, her husband, myself and everyone who witnessed the ceremony. There isn't much more I can say about St. Mary's Basilica in this review, but I will end this by saying that each Mass is a different experience and it's based on the person attending, but be sure to visit this church and attend a Mass so see if it's right for you.
It's an amazing theater!! The theater is beautiful and the seats are comfortable. Advice: Avoid sitting on row C. Evidently rows A & B were "under the stage," so on row C, we were even with the stage. I've sat on the front row before at other theaters and have never been so close to have to look up. Next time I'll choose seats more toward the middle of the theater. If you'd like a hot appetizer during intermission, order it before the show.
This place is awesome! Great atmosphere, cheap prices on drinks and food, and really tasty bar food. The cotton club room is the best!
Great service..great food...very fast!
I was extremely happy with my meal here. The salsa with the chips was nicely spicy. I had the shrimp and octopus a la Diavolo. The Diavolo sauce was delicious and also spicy in a different way than the salsa for the chips. I was given a large flour tortilla and couldn't resist dipping and redipping. The sides of salad (standard shredded lettuce, etc., but very fresh and crunchy), rice and refried beans were substantial. After the chips, main course, salad rice and tortilla I couldn't do more than scratch the surface of the refried beans. I was equally happy with the atmosphere and service. I showed up near 1pm on Sunday as a single diner. Most of the other people were family groups, many apparently regulars. I was nonetheless given a decent table normally seating four after the promised 10-15 minute wait and no sense of being rushed or treated differently by any of the staff. Next time I'm in Phoenix I will be eager to come back (bringing family and/or friends) and have the same thing again and/or explore the rest of the menu.
I've long been searching for the best camarones diabla and have found that gem here in their camarones endiablados offering. This spicy seafood dish hit all the right notes! My husband also loved their cheese crisp and cheese enchiladas. I've not been to Mexico but I would bet this is real deal Mexican cuisine.
You can find me here every Tuesday night. You see they have a daily rotating specials menu and it so happens to feature the best veggie burrito (this is saying a lot coming from me, since I am obsessed with burritos and have lived in Phoenix for most of my life) for a little over $5 on Tuesdays! It is so massive.. if you know the size of a Chipotle burrito, imagine that, but doubled! Seriously, it consists of two very large tortillas, which are needed to whole the damn monster of a burrito together. This happens to insure that the contents don't spill out of the tortilla! Genius. I am fairly sure this burrito weighs more than most new born babies.. yes, that's even considering how all the hormones people consume today are making babies larger each year - this burrito would still out weight them my friends! Anyhow, the burrito is large enough to satisfy me for three complete meals. Awesome for $5. The guac that they make is top notch, and their rice is truly amazing. It all tastes very authentic, and I love that I can easily make it vegan since they don't add any secrets into their food. I just have to ask them to hold the cheese and sour cream, and they have never once slipped up on this! Which also keeps me coming back. Oh, and the salsa bar is to die for! I am usually creeped out by salsa bars (think Baja Fresh - yuck) but they actually make some damn good salsas and usually have a bowl of chopped onions... I can never get enough. I think my personal favorite salsa is called something like Salsa Fresca - it's usually all the way to the right. Be sure to try it with your free chips. On top of everything I love about this place is the fact that it is so close that I can walk there in a few minutes. Although I hate strip malls, I am glad that this little joint is downtown and not somewhere completely stupid. Stop by and check it out when you want some affordable, authentic tasting AND high quality Mexican food.
This restaurant is a perfect example of why I give my money to local business owners. This is a sparsely decorated gem in Midtown Phoenix. In an area full of lunch only, counter order spaces, one would think this wouldn't be welcome. I love a rice bowl every now and then and this one is extremely high quality and stocks every type of rice bowl imaginable. I've had the Oyako and Teriyaki both multiple times and they are delcious. You definitely wait a few minutes for your food, and that is a good thing because it means they are not mass producing food and waiting for people to order it, like Tokyo Express does. Good food alone though, won't garner a five-star review for a rice bowl. What pushes Blue Fin over the top is the ownership. The little old Japanese lady who owns and runs the restaurant during lunch time is one of the absolute nicest people I've ever encountered. She welcomes every customer, and speaks to you in a genuine family like manner. She does not come across as fake or ass-kissish. I just get a calm, warm, and welcome feeling from this woman when I come in here. It's not even just her either. Her staff always looks happy, and has run of the soda fountain, water, lemonade, etc. Everyone just seems to be happy. It's true that if you take care of your staff, they make your customers happy as well. Many other places make me feel so unwelcome around here at lunch time, but I can always count on Blue Fin to treat me like family and give me a solid rice bowl.
Delicious terriyaki chicken ... and always delivered with a huge smile. Blue Fin is a family operated business. The people who work there are the absolute nicest people in the world! You can tell they really enjoy cooking for their customers and they make you feel like family when you eat there - even if it's you're 1st time there. You need to try this place if you haven't. GREAT FOOD, GREAT PEOPLE, AND GREAT PRICES.
Came here after a company christmas party with a few co-workers. Service is great, happy hour pricing is right on point. Carmella (Sorry If I'm spelling your name wrong) is an amazing, friendly, knowledgable server. Huge out door patio. Great fun. I'll be back again.
We held a brunch at Coach and Willies for family memebrs on sunday after our wedding. The manager Kevin had been in touch with me and had reserved us a private room just off the dining room for some privacy(at no extra charge)!!!! The service was excellent and the food was greatly enjoyed by everybody. We had people in from St Louis, Lexington, KY, Chattanoga, TN and everyone raved about the food. My wife and I eat there often for lunch and Sunday brunch. Food is always good and atmosphere is great with all the TV's. I would definitely recommend this restaurant for anyone needing a great place to entertain.
Marsala spaghetti-nuff said!
I had an awesome experience at Tom's Tavern on Sunday. I live nearby and decided to visit for the first time with my girlfriend. We had the brunch buffet that had some good breakfast foods along with some munchies to enjoy during the games. Although we weren't drinking, the bar has happy hour prices which I'm sure many others enjoyed. During the game, a pair of Arizona Cardinal cheerleaders came in and started fraternizing with fans which was an awesome addition to the experience. I will definitely be returning.
Excellent customer service and high quality of work here are worth a little extra driving for me to get my car washed. Most importantly for me, it's one of those places where I don't feel like I have to strip my car of all possible valuable items or papers with personal info when I get out and hand the keys over.
Great place, great food, and a beautiful environment. Friendly family owned place, good prices, lots of great options. Could eat here every day of the week!
Our neighborhood, locally-owned sushi place and NOT a chain (as someone suggested in another review). I had to weigh in because we have been going to Ichi Ban for 7 years and the owner, Seth, and his staff have been consistent, attentive and friendly. And the sushi is fresh, creative and tasty in my opinion. Order something off the "specials" menu posted on the wall and you can't go wrong with the spicy tuna. It also isn't as expensive as other sushi restaurants and there are other menu options for land lovers. Great sushi place for lunch or dinner and right on the light rail.
This place is da bomb! This is my go to place whenever I'm in Phoenix. Great food, great prices, great staff. And the portions are huge so you'll never leave here hungry. I've had the ribs, beans, sweet potato fries, and sweet potato pie and they are all great. Now they just need to open a location in Los Angeles...
As Gabi likes to regularly point out to me, I did move over a year ago and I am closer to Cheuvront. I suppose it is time for an update. My initial review of 5 stars has not changed. Not every visit to Cheuvront has been a 5 star visit, but over time I have come to know what dishes and wines that I prefer. I am a frequent visitor to Cheuvront because I like the atmosphere it provides within the downtown area and it takes less than 5 minutes for me to walk there. It provides a relaxed environment where you can enjoy wine or a cocktail and order food based upon how what you are in the mood for. A full dinner? Sure. Just dessert? You got it. A small nosh? Why not. I find myself here most often for small plates and cheese, very rarely do I have a "regular" entree. It is not to say that they aren't good, they are and they are quite large, I just enjoy the variety of the menu. My favorite time of year at Cheuvront is the fall, as I think that their best dishes involve traditional fall ingredients such as butter nut squash and pumpkin. This is also my favorite time to partake in their extensive cheese list. Their international plates, while may seem expensive at first glance, are literally overflowing with cheese and meats. Happy Hour can be a fun time, although I am personally not a fan of many of the mixed cocktails that they feature. This works out just fine, as the wine list has many choices that I am happy to order at 25% off. The $5 tapas offered during HH are great compliments, my favorites being the gnocchi, ceviche, and the mac and cheese. (Really, any of their mac and cheese options are great). The relaxed atmosphere and consistent food and service have made Cheuvront into one of my favorite places in Phoenix, and possibly my favorite place downtown.
Life is good when a place as amazing as this is right off the light rail line that you can walk to from your house (and I can). I have been meaning to go for ages and finally a group of friends wanted to go out of dinner, two of them which now live downtown, and I recommended Cheuvront. A half hour ride from the Mill Avenue stop and I was there. A bit chilly to sit outside but looks like excellent outdoor seating. The seating is well spaced with wine storage along the back wall and a well stocked bar in the middle (God and I both love a well-stocked bar, or at least I always say "Thank God, they have a bar). The wait staff was cordial without being too personal (I look at dining as I'm out to eat dinner with friends, not really out to make new friends, at least until I have a few drinks but that is whole different situation....ahem). I started out the evening with a basic mojito made with 10 cane rum. A little too much sugar syrup for my taste and could use more lime but wow, served in a full size glass and a kick like a mule. One of my fellow diners had the white sangria with fresh basil and wow, that was a keeper. I'm definitely having that next time. They have a huge selection of cheeses from around the world and we ordered the three cheese appetizer plate (the waiter asked if I wanted to pick but was happy to pick a selection for us, and I love to delegate) and the pork empanadas with orange marmalade. The cheese was good and I noticed they also have another book where you can order wine and they just pair it with cheese, how cool! The empanadas, to die for, I will order that again, ideally along with that sangria with fresh basil. Dinner was the duck breast rubbed with coffee and ancho chili pepper and served on top of I don't know what but it had a crispy grilled crust on the outside and it was nice and cheesy (seemed like some sort of rice and cheese mix) on the inside, and it was wonderfully presented. I actually had the recommended wine pairing and wow, it went so well together. A rich red wine that offset the spice rub on the duck breast perfectly. We ended the evening with coffee and desert. The coffee was okay but they should consider serving coffee roasted at the Cartel coffee lab in Tempe (which I love) as the coffee here was just...coffee...which was a shame when the rest of the meal was so great. Ideally they should bring everyone an individual french press so they can let the coffee get as strong as they like to drink it. I would also recommend a thicker cream, even whipping cream (unwhipped) since it provides that sense of luxury that goes well with this place (I had that at Mucho-Gusto and became an instant fan). For those of the more intellectual persuasion, I noticed this place is in walking distance of the main Phoenix library. So you can go pick out a good book on a lazy Sunday and then walk over to Cheuvront for some wine and cheese and feel like the perfect elitist, before you ride the light rail home (okay, this is my ideal lazy Sunday and I've always dreamed of being just a little bit of an elitist - I'm not perfect).
Few things make me happier than wine and cheese -- so naturally, I enjoyed the Cheuvront! I wasn't in the mood to make any decisions myself (it was Friday, after all) so I let one of the owners surprise me with his favorite red wine and a cheese plate. The shiraz he picked was delish, and the cheese plate, especially the brie, was equally yummy. I'd suggest you go for happy hour, sit on one of the comfy couches, ask your server or an owner for their recommendations, and try a bunch of stuff!
I was one of 50 people who went there to get Adam's Big Unit. The service was top notch and they move fast and get work done. And the hot dog was sooooo huge and soooooo good. I shared my picture of eating the big unit with Sebastian Bach and he commented back on it because it was so enormous! It had great flavor and my favorite brioche bread. I will be going back to attempt the dog on my own. I am a tall skinny girl but I have a true appetite so I will definitely get that 22" hot dog down no problem. I highly recommend Cooperstown. It is a great place to have good food and have a great time!
Some of the best food I've ever had! Came here last year for spring training with my girlfriend, buddy, and my little brother and it was so fun. We watched the NCAA tourny on all the big screens and their food is so good. My lil bro got those huge hot dogs. Good memories to look back on.
Hot diggity dang this place is just of the hook tasty. The big unit is this huge amazing hot dog, with chili, relish, tomato, jalapenos, and cheese. Also tried the brownie dessert and oh mylanta....it was orgasmically delicious!
The food is awesome, the atmosphere is super and the wait staff is pretty friendly. I had the big unit hot dog and it was quite tasty but I could not finish it. The food was quite good as was the place itself with the decor was pretty cool. The music was rock as expected and basically this is a better version of Hard Rock Cafe.
The atmosphere here is just so cool. Even if you don't like Alice cooper the rock and roll feel is all around. The staff wears Alice cooper-esque outfits and even the makeup! This is a huge restaurant and there was plenty of room to sit, mind you there wasn't a game on when we went. My friend and I both had the Marge Simpson Mac and cheese, it was heavenly. They put some tiny pieces of potato chips on top and it's just excellent. The service was quick and friendly. I really enjoyed my time here. It's a great restaurant for families, couples or singles and looks like it would be a decent bar in the evenings. Sort of reminds me of the Hard Rock Cafe, but I like this place better.
I am sure someday I will have a bad experience at this legendary Sports Bar, but not tonight. I have made it a habit to come to Cooperstown prior to ball games and concerts for over 15 years. I anticipate keeping that tradition for years to come. So many of the sports themed bars and restaurants in this area are lost to the culinary Sonoran graveyard. Alice Cooperstown still stands for a reason. The staff is friendly and fun loving, the menu diverse and in unison with the rocking roll and sports themed decor. I usually get the BBQ sampler or the incredibly stacked nachos, but tonight I went for the simplicity of the Tom Brady Burger. It was "Spot On." The bacon was crisp and plentiful and the burger itself was perfectly cooked with a smoky charbroiled taste. The fries were fresh, crisp and spiced perfectly. I opted for two Kiltlifter beers, from local microbrew Four Peaks Brewery. The beer was available on draft served in nicely chilled her glass. Giant screen television monitors are strategically placed throughout the cavernous restaurant so every seat can view the game or games. The only negative remark actually is as a result of their popularity: You may have to wait a while on big game or concert nights, plan for that contingency arrive early and enjoy the fun. "UNIT!"
I've gone here for many different events and the stadium never fails. Everything is so big and nice, even the bathrooms are nice! The seats are not rock hard like other stadiums. Parking is everywhere around the place and theres always spots so you don't have to walk far.
This hotel is fantastic! The staff is amazing, friendly and super helpful. The rooms look newly renovated and very clean. The breakfast is yummy and the location good. That's the place to stay when you are in Phoenix.
A great place to stay if your in town for a game. Within walking distance of everything. The rooms aren't that bad either.
I live across the street and visit often. Could not ask for a better atmosphere with a view of the inside of Chase Field! The customer service has always been great. Often times it get dinner to go and the bartenders are friendly and chat it up while I wait. Just the traditional Fridays menu but the location makes it worth going. Definite place to check out when you are downtown. Doesn't have to be a game day.
A great little place to see shows, very small, very intimate, a great setting for seeing a band. If a band you want to see is playing here, be sure to go, it doesn't get anymore up close and personal than this. There is no seating or alcohol, so if you don't mind standing and being sober, it is well worth it. The art here is some of First Friday's best, as far as I am concerned, leagues above all the other galleries. Be sure to stop and see the art here if you are out then.
Love the Modified! i have been coming here since i was a wee freshman in highschool! one of my favorite venues in phoenix, gets crowded and loud stinky and awesome in a hurry, or it can be empty pensive and introvertedly artsy! just depends i suppose. I cant wait to be back, check out their events calendar on their website for gallery shows or concerts or film viewings. love you modified see you this friday hopefully?
Very cool place. Located right next to Pizzeria Bianco and ran by the same owners (they get their drinks from here for the restaurant). Staff was amazing and the atmosphere was super chill and relaxed. Great place to have a drink under the stars in Arizona. We walked over to have a drink while we waited for our table at the pizzeria and time went by so fast that we weren't ready to go when our table was ready. But staff was so kindly to take our drinks over for us. A must if you're in the area.
My baby turned me on to this place. I love it so much. Such a good place to eat
LOVE this place! I eat here on a monthly basis and always have great services and food. It's affordable and quick! Definitely worth checking this place out!
Fun place, a lot of different things to see and touch . My two year old daughter had a great time specially in the water playground. This is a perfect place to bring your kids in the summer since is indoor and air conditioned.
The refried beans are better than chocolate! Worth the drive!
My favorite spot for Mexican food in the valley. I've been going there for years specifically for the white menudo. Their ground beef/potato tacos are incredible and I love that some of the servers have been there the entire time I have been going.
We love the Cash. It is one of the few bars that have a smoking patio that you can drink on. We have donated a lot of stuff to raffle off for charity events at the Cash. They always have a great turnout. The crowd is extremely diverse. The drinks are good and cheap, and the bar staff is very friendly.
This place is awesome! My favorite lesbian bar in town!
I don't know what everyone else on here is talking about; this Whataburger is super fast! The entire drive thru process took a grand total of four minutes. Great place to stop for a quick lunch when you work downtown.
Dear That's A Wrap, I've only met you once, but it was love at first sight... I found you easily - on 7th street just north of McDowell and lots of parking in your private lot made me happy. I walked in and felt comfortable immediately - very casual, laid back atmosphere and welcoming staff. Since my lunch companion was a little late, I had time to observe the place, the menu, and even read a New Times that was out for your patrons. A few things I noticed during my wait: 1 - you are incredibly fast and efficient! 2 - you have smoothies on the back of the menu and they look delicious! 3 - you don't mind when people special order 4 - I didn't hear any whining or complaining at all while I was there The list could go on, but my friend arrived and we ordered. I had the 'Veggie Jackson' wrap - no onions or rice, add tofu with a side of fresh fruit. My friend had the 'Very Brady Clubster' with a side of fruit as well. We both commented how delicious our wraps were and the fruit was good too! The veggies in my sandwich were grilled to perfection and the combination of flavors from the feta and balsamic salsa blended just right. I felt like each bite was a party in my mouth. Sounds cheesy, but I swear, it's true! Serving size was perfect and so was the price! (Everything on the menu is $6.95 or less and even if you add chicken or tofu, it's less than $1). It's going to be kind of a hike for me since I'm moving further north, but I will be back for sure... See you soon, my new love! :)Gabi
Cool place, just wish I had been coming here more often. It's in an old house so it has that cool "old school downtown" vibe about it. Pretty healthy menu items with funny names that you'll be sure to remember, like Cheech and Dijon Chicken, The Very Brady Clubster,Teriyaki 90210, Gringo Star, In Like Fin, Rocky VII, The Veggie Jackson, and Bird Is The Word , just to name a few. I had the Prince of Thai which I really enjoyed. Just spicy enough for my tastes. I tried the pasta salad as a side and was impressed that it wasn't oily or had too much useless stuff on it, simple is good. At $6.95 I thought it was a heck of a lot better than a drive through or a sub sandwich. I'll be back soon to try one of everything on their menu!
Love love love this place! Seriously, a place in Phoenix that is locally owned, has great prices, great food and buys local is pretty hard to find. My favorite wrap is the Gardin'n salad as a wrap. My only complaints about this place are the hours and the parking! But still well worth it.
Words cannot express my love for La Tolteca. Well, not English words and I no habla Espanol. But I'll try... SUPER NACHOS MOTHERFUCKER!!! Nacho cheese, tons of cilantro, chicken, beef, beans, onions, tomatos, salsa, more cheese piled into a HUGE box. A huge box! ............................................................................... THUD I just passed out. Also great everything else. and cheap as hell. Like pesos cheap. !ah dios mio!
Having lived in the neighborhood for eight years, I can't say much other than: variety, reliable, authentic. But what I'm really compelled to tell you all about is... They now serve Thai! In addition to their already huge menu! The Chicken Pad Thai is arguably the best I've ever had (I've had it in New York and San Francisco). Its crazy how good it is... I had to have it two days in a row to confirm. I've had the green curry and that was yummy - fresh veggies in everything, crispy and plentiful. IMHO, their decor rocks! I love the cheesy waterfall in the front, the chairs with coffee cup designs and giant turntable-centered family-sized tables. The green walls are an upgrade from the pink and blue that was there before. Go to Fate if you want to sit in faux-modern Ikea surroundings. This place is classic Mc Do Well
Adam M. was absolutely right: The Chinese Broccoli in Garlic Sauce and the Mixed Seafood Hot Pot (Casserole) are really, really amazing! I've also become a big fan of the Tomato Sauce Shrimp - tastes nothing like what you're thinking. Eat these items we recommend or be seriously disappointed trying the chinese staples you've become brainwashed into enjoying elsewhere.
I would like to make my rating based on three things: Food quality, customer service and consistency. I've tried MANY asian food establishments here in the valley since moving here three years ago and this is by far the best I've had! I usually order To Go and my food is always ready before I get there and am greeted with a kind hello and an appreciative smile (how nice!). I've ordered from them many times and have been impressed everytime. Thank you for the great food!!
I loved this place. I've only been to one event here, but it was awesome. I love how it's a historical house, and how they support local artists and events. The staff was all very nice, the decorations were unbelievable, and the yard was beautiful It looked like parking could be difficult, but we took a taxi which worked out perfectly. Just be aware of parking issues if you drive.
They have It all :) Moved into the neighborhood a month ago and from water refills, to old fashioned fuses (guest house still uses them) sandwiches and Spicy Dill Pickles.. Yum.. everything you can think of and the nicest Employees.. Coronado is lucky to have Sunshine Market. Love this place :)
For those that haven't heard, Payton Curry has taken over Welcome Diner April through May on Sun, Mon, Tues, and First Fridays. Get there... now. Payton is known for pushing limits and incorporating fresh, local ingredients. The menu will likely change every week, if not every night, so I'm not sure if my recap will help all that much, but here goes. The neighborhood is sketchy, the place is tiny, and the accommodations are "rustic", so if you're all into the Scottsdale scene or flashing your dough, don't bother. That being said, Shantal mentioned that being there made her feel like she was camping every night, and I have to admit the evening had a vacation feel to it... National Lampoon's style! You can instantly tell that Payton is having a blast and it shows on his face and in the food. We were seated on a collection of old dining chairs at a makeshift table of 2x8s and construction horses in the middle of the front yard, with a candle to light our way... I knew it was going to be a sweet evening! We started with the burrata that was lightly seasoned with truffle oil and cracked pepper. Unfortunately a lot of people are adding burrata to their menus and they have no idea that this fresh, creamy, delicate version is how it's truly meant to be. It was served with slices of toast that I expected to be the brick-hard version to which I've become accustomed. Imagine my surprise as I bit into a spongy, buttery slice of bread with just a crunch of the crust! Delicious. The porcini foie gras terrine will scare those faint of heart, but it's amazing and the pear butter adds this velvety, sweet flavor that just makes it unforgettable. I wasn't a fan of the pate', but it was a combination of pickle, horseradish, and mustard flavors with chunks in the loaf... all things I can personally only handle in moderation individually and generally dislike, so it was exactly as described. The mains arrived and the Sonoma lamb sugo proved to be an interesting choice. It's not something you would eat on a regular basis, but I'm so glad I got to try it. The shreds of lamb meat were piled on top of a bowl of hearty fettuccine with perfectly cooked chickpeas and dollops of cream that muted any gaminess of the meat. Then you would get a bite of golden raisin to kick in a touch of sweetness; pretty cool combination of flavors and textures without being over the top. Perhaps the biggest surprise of the night was the bowl of Bolognese that was planted in front of us, it blew me away and I have no idea why!! Payton, what's your secret with something so simple? Dessert followed with apple pie that could've been much tastier if it were warmed with a scoop of ice cream, but all was rescued with a huge chunk of bread pudding that puts my mother's recipe to shame (and it was served warmed with a scoop of ice cream :). All in all, we had a wonderful night with fabulous food and fun friends and we didn't want the night to end. If you want a hint of adventure, get to Welcome Diner before the end of May... seriously... National Lampoon's style. ps: It's BYOB!
Do you love good food? Duh. Do you love good drinks? Of course. Do you love good people? Who doesn't?! If you've answered yes to any of these questions (and we both know you did), you need to get down to The Welcome Diner. The cozy quarters and kitchy decor make it easy to fall in love with, and the staff makes you comfortable enough to stay for hours. AND THE FOOD! I have yet to try something that didn't make me smile. It's hard to pick a favorite dish but personally, I love the Kiltlifter braised pork biscuit. The carolina mustard sauce that's made in house, is probably the best thing I've ever tasted. And the made from scratch biscuit it comes with, is too good for words. Beyond a fantastic, locally driven food concept, they also make one of the greatest cocktails I've ever enjoyed; the Hurricane. And even though you clearly hear the bell dinging from the kitchen and everyone inside scream, "HURRICANE!" each time you order one, you just can't seem to figure out how you got so tipsy; they're sneaky little guys. So, next time you're out and about downtown Phoenix on a weekend, you should go say hi, and then eat your face off. You'll be glad you did.
Well, I am trying to eat my way through the menu, but they keep adding delicious new dishes, so it's taking a while. The service at this place cannot be beat. When you are seated outside, every member of the team will be by to inquire about your experience and see if there's anything more they can do. When you're seated inside, you are a part of the whole Welcome Diner experience. I most recently had the smothered pork plate, which was pulled pork with a beer and onion gravy over a bed of jasmine rice, with sides of delicious collard greens and house-made poblano hush puppies. It was a heaping plate of food for $11.50. The next night, we returned, at my niece's request, and I had the Port of Call burger. It was yummy beefy goodness with perfect fries on the side. So, it's going to take me a while to sample everything the Welcome Diner has to offer, but I go at least weekly and I am dedicated to sampling all the goodness they have to offer. This place is a gem. Don't tell anybody. Oh, yeah...Bike Rack!
Coconut cream grits with collards and tomato sauce. As vegan as it gets, and so full of flavor! Had it twice...once on Thursday and again on Saturday. Ran into 4 friends while I sat at the counter Saturday evening. This place is the best.
I live a couple blocks from this place and I would literally eat here every day if I could afford to. Though I'd probably end up with a few extra pounds to go with my empty bank account. But every day when they post their daily special up on their Facebook page, I just sit and drool over it. I've eaten here a handful of times and everything is so freaking good. Its comfort food at its best. And the staff is super friendly and helpful. They treat you like a regular even if its your first time. I love the fact that they source all their ingredients from local farmers and purveyors. I initially thought the prices were a bit on the high side, but once I realized just how well the locally sourced ingredients were prepared, I now feel like its a bargain. And I also love that they are open until midnight every day (except Monday). This is just the coolest little place to grab some great food, a good drink, and chill with really friendly people. I hope this place is around for a very long time.
The people are really cool. Excellent food made from local ingredients. The chicken biscuit sandwich is yummy. Also, must indulge in the poutine. Fun place with lots of misters running over the picnic tables outside which kept us cool. Must check this place out for yourself.
Love love love this place!! I've been here for brunch and dinner and everything was amazing!! My bf says their burger is the best burger he has ever had and I have to agree. Super juicy!! The bumblebee is on point too!! I can't wait to go back and try the bacon cheddar fries :) I recommend this place to all my friends when they ask for a awesome place to eat downtown. And they are open late!!!
Out with my two boys,who, like me, enjoy exploring for great eats. Based on Yelp suggestions, I decided to give this place a shot. It was close to the art museum we were at, reasonable prices, and great food! It is hard to find food that has great flavor, and makes you feel like you are eating a meal made by momma. Staff was courteous and ambiance was hip. Thanks for the experience, we are definitely excited to come back!
Whhhhaaaat?! I have not reviewed these guys?! It's possibly because I was hoping to keep them my little secret. These guys took their Old Dixie food truck and took over this unique and eclectic location that has been home to other popups over the last couple of years. Inside seating is VERY limited 8 built in stools against a small counter. I love sitting inside but I often enjoy their out door seating during the summer and especially on these beautiful Phx winter nights. [They do lunch and brunch as well.] The Food: I have enjoyed everything I have tried here. They are known for their biscuits, which are fairly large, sturdy enough to be used in their biscuit sandwiches but tender enough to enjoy with their homemade honey butter (the honey sourced from a small apiary in the neighborhood) or house made jelly/preserves or apple butter. Many of their veggies are often sourced out of the community garden when possible. They source locally as much as possible, and their menu adjusts seasonally, while keeping some of their popular favorites. They always offer vegetarian options and occasionally even vegan. [Skip the goat cheese on the beet tureen salad and that is a yummy vegan option] They make all food to order and honor substitutions or additions within reason. Heck, for dinner one night I ordered their biscuit with goat cheese and smoked apple butter (found on the dessert menu) and asked if they could add bacon. They gave me a bit of a raised eyebrow as they found the request unique and gladly served it up (and it was SOOO good) My favorites: Anything with their fried chicken. Anything with their biscuits. Their french fries are hand cut and fabulous. They smoke their own meats (and sometimes apples for their smoked Apple butter) so try the Carolina or any smoked sausage, pork chop, etc. that shows up on the specials board. Their burgers rock! (YOU HAVE to try the PB&B, well unless you have a peanut allergy). Their salads are lovely and tasty. They offer some select cocktails and a limited choice of liquor. But this doesn't matter because all you need to know is get a HURRICANE (or 3). You'll thank me later.
My wife, the picky vegetarian had some bizarre avocado sandwich and a side of brussel sprouts. If we end up moving to Phoenix, this restaurant may be the reason why.
Went back for dinner the other night. Party of four for drinks and food. It was great ... We had The Koko, Fried Green Tomato sandwich, Avacado Po'Boy and Little Birdy. Rounded out with Carol Fries and Brussels Sprouts. Mmmmmm, Mmmmmm Good. Added some drinks and friendly banter from Morgan and a good night was had by all! Thanks Welcome Diner for a great night!
My family and I went to Welcome Diner last night. So, there were several different items ordered and EVERYTHING was so good! I had the fried avocado po'boy. The bread was toasted the perfect amount. There was a great pico de gallo and kale topping the fried avocado. That fried avocado was amazing! It was so creamy yet crunchy! Yum! My husband had the champion burger. He said it was really good, especially the bacon jam. My brother in-law has the big Jim. It was huge! A biscuit, giant piece of fried chicken and the thickest gravy ever! I tried some and it was so good! Creamy and sinful! The last thing I tasted was the Brussels sprouts. Omg! Goooood! They were crispy and tasty! Only downside was the fries were a little salty. I would definitely go back. The atmosphere is exactly what downtown Phoenix is all about! I loved it!
It was a really cool environment and unique from the vast majority of the Phoenix area. We enjoyed their commitment to fresh and quality ingredients. Everything we ordered was delicious and reasonably priced. The staff was very friendly and prompt. HIghly recommend to come after dark in the summer because it is so blazing hot (mostly outdoor seating). We will definitely be returning for more pulled pork fries!
[DISCLAIMER: the rating of five stars for Bandaids does not directly correlate with the intentions of the establishment, instead, the volumes of unintentional comedy and unsolicited astonishment that may be had at this specific joint] Walking into Bandaids was like witnessing the sneak premier of the cinematic masterpiece 'Showgirls' -- and what I mean is, one is piqued with curiosity, wonderment, the promise of mindblowing mockery, and the anticipation of an inevitable Spidey exit. This is where the comparison to showgirls ends. Actually, I don't rememer. Did showgirls feature a stripper in her 3rd trimester? Whereas the tagline for Showgirls was "Leave your inhibitions at the door", Bandaids follows up with "... and your guns, knives, nerve gases, babies, peg legs, raptor jesuses, gold crown deodorizers, and herpes." Although I think most in there ignored that last one. So, upon entrance, you are greeted with a very Judge Dredd-like chain-link protected cashier who takes your Abe Lincoln and motions you over to the bar. One thing about strip clubs in general, is, you don't really wanna schooch by anyone ... but at Bandaids, they make this awkward dream a reality for everyone! The walk up to the bar is like cutting to seats 34 and 35 at Giants Stadium. I felt like Tyler Durden contemplating whether to give the vatos the butt or the crotch as they stare blankly at "the talent". Whoa boy. This place has talent like the old Washington Bullets ... but shorter, fatter, and more pregnant. I gave one of my buddies a dollar to snap into one of the monster's string and she gave him a "whusssuuup" that featured her sweet gold grill. To appreciate this, you must know that my friend is quite possibly the sweetest guy on the planet, and gave a friendly "Hi!" to her in return before about-facing to our bistro style table where 8 Coors Lights were posting up our jaws. This was a nice, natural cue for a quick exit, rattled our half-drained beers into the bins and shot out. We couldn't stomach anymore of anything. But wait. On this page you will notice Jason C., and along with the others in our laughter-induced group, came his big mouth. This was his opportunity to mock the sawed-off, convertible, primer-gray Chevy Blazer parked mere feet from the entrance/exit to Bandaids, and although the details are lost as to the specifics, mentioned something about "check out THIS fucking thing!", which was the perfect timing for one of the busted, ghetto-flab strippers to walk out and proceed to angrily say something like "Fuck you. That's mine. What of it?" In response, and generally because he's a giant puss with scary strippers, said something like, "Oh. Its nice. I like it." before shitting himself. I'm sure the rest of the group howling with laughter really set her mind at peace. Anyway. That's the Bandaids story, and you can have one just like it if you give it a chance.
This place is awesome. The Traditional restaurant as well as the deli style restaurant inside. The assortment of food items is amazing, too many good things to choose from. And the prices are great. It is a great experience, if you like Mexican food you must go and check it out. This is the closest thing to Mexico without being there. After eating it is great to explore the rich colors and products in the market. And don't forget the Sunday brunch with tons of choices and lots of traditional entertainment.
This place is as exciting as going to Disneyland if you're not used to Hispanic markets! The sights, the smells, the lights, the colors, and the chaos had my head whipping back and forth all evening. We started off with dinner in the cafe inside the market - just $5.99 for 3 street tacos, beans, and rice - and it totally filled me up. I washed it down with a Mexican coke in a glass bottle and it took me back to my childhood to the days before corn syrup became the norm. After eating, we took our time perusing the aisles and examining the foods foreign to us. They have a beautiful produce department and the prices were great on both the more exotic items like fresh papaya's to the staples like tomatoes and lettuce. The meat department is a carnivore's dream come true. Loads of fresh ground beef, pork, and poultry at very fair prices. I had to laugh at the ground pork in the glass case and wish I'd brought my camera. The butcher shaped it into a pig head - complete with a snout - and put cucumber slices for eyes. Not something I'd expect to see at my local gringo Fry's. Shopping here was a real cultural experience tonight and I can't wait to tuck into the treats we brought home!
Hello Ranch Market, nice to finally meet you ! Since moving to my new hood I have fallen in love with this store. They have things I have never seen before anywhere else. I am so overwhelmed when I go here, I am in sensory overload. Mexican bread is 5 for $2, bolillos are 6 for $1, tons of seafood, fresh chorizo ( which I have been eating everyday for a week ), tons of snacks packaged by Ranch Market for super cheap, you can get a meal for 4 people for $10 ( carnitas, rice, beans, tortillas ) and tons of other specialty items. The atmosphere is fun and inviting and everyone is friendly. This store has inspired me to create new dishes at home, like my homemade beans and chorizo. Go here, eat some of their prepared foods that are inexpensive and delicious OR get some fresh ingredients and make something yummy at home. See ya soon Ranch Market.
Awesome tortilleria and fun to watch with the kidlets. Fresh salsas, frescas, bakery items, meats, and cheeses. Restaurant/cafeteria inside is tasty and you can make your food exactly how you want it (bean and cactus burrito!!). We go here at least once a week to grab our non-organic stuff...kiwis, papayas, mangos, etc. and the tortillas...because they are gigantic! Our bill's never been over $40 for four big bags of produce!
Been going here for years, but just made a big run as we have a new pup. The prices are absolutely terrific.
Great variety, inexpensive and exactly what we wanted on a Sunday morning.
I'm going to flat out say this before I start writing the review, my aunt makes the best pupusas. Now with that being said this is a nice little hole in the wall. The place is nice and clean. The food is cheap and delicious. The people are really friendly and the old man behind the register always seems to great me with a smile ( I think he is the owner). Mind you pupusas are more filling then they look so don't over order. I like the traditional queso con loroco. The plantains are also delicious.
Been eating here for years and it doesn't disappoint (well, sometimes). I mainly come for the menudo but I also come because of the prices, it's clean and quick service and I know that what I've ordered will be both filling and satisfying. One thing: the salsas are HOT! I cannot eat them out the jar even after all this time. You've been warned:-)
What a great spot. Just moved downtown a month ago and have been exploring new places to eat. Just finished a brunch at Coronado cafe... I had the southwestern omelette, and my fianc had the crab cakes. First of all the $3 bloody Mary's and mimosas are a steal, but that became an after note to the food! The crab cakes are out of this world, huge chunks of meat and before I could ask for a second bite it was gone. Luckily I had my own omelette that did not disappoint. Cheesy, hatch chilies and really tasty potatoes on the side. The service was good, and the owner was available and really matches the curbside appeal. Great ambiance in a cool historic house. Definitely worth trying.
Best crab cake in town? Close second to Ruth's Chris Steakhouse--this is a fantastic little restaurant in downtown Phoenix. Love the family-owned feel.
Hands down, the best date place in central Phoenix. Sadly, I was apparently not on a date and ended up having to pay for our bill BUT in retrospect I was still so damn impressed by this place. Rumor has it that this place is owned by several male flight attendants and when they're not attending flights they are running this restaurant. Leave it to world travelers to produce a classy but quaint but sosticated but understated establishment that can truly please everyone. In true Phoenix fashion, Coronado Cafe was once a house and now stands as a Bistro Cafe. The front porch is now patio seating with cute little tables and bench style sitting all under canopy drapes and string lights. On the inside is the cutest little bar area, very small, but the older gentlemen running the place is so cute and you can tell he really know is cocktails and puts passion into crafting each one. There's also a secluded side patio that's ADORABLE. We ate inside the dining room because the rain (rain, I know... in Phoenix?) started coming down and the wait staff was so attentive and helped us relocate. We were sat in the corner by a window that had its own little garden bed outside. Could not get over this palces cute factor. Tables were small but candle lit and had the presh checker print table clothes, real napkins and honestly one of the best waitresses I've ever had. We order 2 Tequilatinis on Happy Hour and the artichoke dip. This artichoke dip opened the gates of heaven and brought to us the most delightful, out of the ordinary, festive taste I have ever had. It was spicy, but cheesy. It was melty but had good size chunks of artichoke. Simply, cannot go on enough about how good it was. I cannot wait to go back here and have brunch or enjoy the sunset with drinks on the patio. If you're looking for somewhere small and intimate that you'd like to take a significant other or truly impress someone you care about, pelase go here. Everything is perfect for the perfect date.
Over a year later I still give this place 5 stars. Their crab cakes are amazing! My boss took me to lunch and I suggested this place. He's from Maryland so he loved that they use Maryland crab. One bit of warning - the bowl of clam chowder is HUGE! It could be a meal by itself. I recommend sharing with a friend or order a cup instead.
McAlpines is one of those old school places that would probably be right at home in downtown Prescott. Authentic, amazing service, and the whole fact that they have an antique store really helped make this place shine. We had a simple dessert that consisted of 2 Phosphorus's and a hot fudge sundae, and after wards, I felt bloated and diabetic. That's because for the prices, you get a surprising amount of deliciousness. You feel like a little kid when your kind, humorous, tattooed server brings you a MASSIVE sundae cup, dripping with hot fudge and all of the toppings. The only, and I mean, THE ONLY drawback, is that I live so far away from them. On the other side, I guess that means I won't be gaining 20 pounds anytime soon.
I had an excellent ice cream soda and a great sandwich for lunch. The decor/seating was excellent. I felt like i went back in time just walking in. The food and staff were tops! Highly recommended!
Eating this Green Chili burro, green chili enchilada style is like winning the lottery 3 times in a row. This has to be one of the greatest food stuff I had ever eaten in my life. Perfect blend of spice and all the other goodness. Even when I burped it up, I wished for chunks to come up so I could re-eat it again. If I could give it 12 stars I would! I need to quit my job and just live in their patio area and eat these until I die. Cash only, open Monday - Friday, 9am - 4pm.
Best little Mexican place in Phoenix! The chimis and burros and everything I have ever eaten here is amazing! it's in the back of a house in the 'hood, and is worth the trip. If you're going for lunch, getthere before noon to avoid the line that stretches through the neighborhood!
I had heard much of the mythical burritos at Rito's. I'd just never passed by it or knew where it was so I always forgot to seek it out. But I am kookoo for cocoa puffs about green chile and had heard this place had the best in town. One day recently, I was driving around the Garfield district looking for a possible new pad as I want to live downtown. I was driving up and down each block looking at rentals that weren't totally sketchy. It's and up and coming area, but it's still a pretty rough neighborhood. As I was driving down 14th st. past a grade school, I spotted people standing in a short line out the door of a converted house with picnic tables outside. A light bulb went on in my head. Aaaah, this must be that place they talk about in the magazines and papers. Rito's! It was 11:30, so I parked, which would probably have been difficult if I'd gotten there 15 mins later. The menu is just burritos and tacos and beans pretty much. There are plaques all over Rito's walls from year after year proclaiming it to be the burrito king of Phoenix. I got a green burro and a side of beans, waited about 5 mins for my order and went out to a picnic table to dine in the sun. I shared a table with some other folks and a pigeon. They are not big on ambiance here. What they lack in that, they make up for in pure, unadulterated burrito kick-assery. The beans, hot as molten lava and a bit soupy, were the most flavorful frijoles I have ever, EVER tasted. The hot sauce, heavy on the oregano, was lovely with good heat for me. The tortilla was thin and chewy with just the right bits of char kissing it. The green chile filling, again a bit more soupy than I'm used to, was just sublime. I couldn't have eaten it without a knife and fork though, cuz it would have oozed all down the front of me. Make sure you ask them for a knife and fork; they don't just put it in the bag. They do take debit cards now, I guess it used to be a cash only business. Boy, am I glad I just happened upon this mythical burrito abode! I felt like I was in one of my friend's Nana's house at a family party. This is down home Mexican food greatness...'nuff said.
Great bacon that they will slice as thick as you like. Sure the ladies begin the counter are old world types. They're friendly enough though and the meats are great. They'll let you try anything you want and if you go in the morning it smells so delicious when they're running the smoker.
The food, service and establishment are great Its my all time Mexican Seafood Restaurant in Phoenix. I went with a party of 8 and all ordered different dishes they were all exceptionally delicious. We tried Must try the Camarones Culichis (Shrimp in green sauce topped with jack melted green cheese) Botana de Mariscos (Fresh Seafood served cold), Tortitos de Camaron (Great as an appetizer) and Enchiladas de Camaraon ... ALL were very good ... served with ice cold beers. We will be back next week to try the new menu!
Sometimes you have to explore and try those hole in the places. Sometimes you get junk and other times, if your lucky. You get a place like this. I was astounded yes I said it ASTOUNDED. By how authentic and delicious this place is. If you haven't come here you haven't had real Mexican seafood. Trust me you have to come here. Chase out
The best burrito I have had in a long time and the service was great. They gave us a complimentary ceviche tostada and it was yummy.
Micheladas with Dos X on tap with a dozen oysters on the side? GAME OVER! This place is the best of the best when it comes up to mariscos.
The Desert Botanical Gardens are not what you think.... Yes, there are innumerable cacti of every shape and type as well as a great many other plants and even the occasional critter ranging from birds and lizards to jackrabbits. Forget all these things because for a great many of you they are only going to offer a very scenic well cultivated backdrop to some wonderful events that the garden hosts including Jazz in the Garden (Fridays March - May), Agave on the Rocks, The Chile and Chocolate Festival, Luminarias (December), and a host of other events and concerts that are extremely well done. If your looking for a special night or event that blends natural serenity and entertainment into an exquisitely unified package then check out the special events on the Desert Botanical Garden website www.dbg.org (and yes there is booze).
I visited the Desert Botanical Gardens on Valentine's Day to see the Chihuly blown glass exhibit. One word to describe it: incredible! The pieces are mixed throughout the desert displays which had our group constantly questioning whether any of the pieces were possibly custom made for this specific location. There were two canoe/boat structures, one that housed beautiful colored spheres (kind of looked like giant marbles), and the other that housed pumpkin-shaped pieces mixed with other strangely shaped pieces. I absolutely recommend that you visit this exhibit at night (I think it closes down at 8) as all of the pieces are lit up which really shows off the vibrancy of the colors. I'm not sure how long this display will be set up, but you definitely don't want to miss it! There were tons of photographers working while we were there, so that was slightly annoying, but I can see why they were all trying to take so many pictures. Some of the pieces are absolutely breathtaking. Go!
We visited just to see the Chihuly exhibit. The traveling display had been to Phipps Conservatory in Pittsburgh and I thought was would be great to see it in the desert. It was more amazing than I could have imagined. First off, I did not realize that there were so many different types and species of cactus. I wish I was a local, because I would love to be able to sign up for their Desert Landscaper School. That would be amazing!! The lay out and the trails are very nice. And I can't believe that I am typing this, but the different types of cactus are so beautiful!! I must have taken a gajillion photos! Also, we happened to go just before sunset, so it was very nice to wander around the gardens after dark. Plus, the Chilly glass looks amazing all lit up. A must see in Phoenix!
I love taking out of town guests here. It is so beautiful, especially at sunset. I've also been during the Chihuly exhibit (AMAZING), Butterfly exhibit (Pretty Cool) and the Chili and Chocolate Festival (So Fun and Yummy)! Definitely a trip you'll enjoy!
Wonderful! Hailing from the Midwest, I've always loved desert flora and fauna because it's so radically different from what I grew up with. A few hours at the Desert Botanical Garden really indulged my fascination. Grab a sunhat, a camera and set aside a few hours to wander the trails here. It's truly a delightful experience. Besides all the amazing plantlife, I saw myriad birds, a lizard, a jackrabbit and some other kind of tree rodent thing, though I sadly did not catch a glimpse of desert tortoise. I guess I'll just have to go back!
Such a beautiful place to see the desert! Phoenix has really sprawled since I initially moved here in the late 70s. It's quite a drive to get out to the desert today -- but the DBG is close in, well laid out and has so many great events. I became a member in the first week I related back to Phoenix and intend to visit very often. Great for locals; great for visitors.
When I want to go out but not spend $100 on entertainment and also get some exercise in at the same time and see some beautiful Arizona landscape, the Desert Botanical Gardens is the best place I can go. I enjoy walking around the Garden looking at all of the flowers in bloom and all of the different kinds of cactus. I also enjoy when they have different exhibits that you can see as you are wandering the garden. I really enjoyed the Chihuly Glass artwork that was displayed a few years back. Probably my favorite time of the year to come here is when they have the butterflies. They are so pretty and this year there were so many of them! We went this last weekend on my day off and the weather was perfect and we just had a great time. I also get to brush up on my photography skills here the best because I can take some amazing pictures of flowers and butterflies. If you want to see what the Arizona desert is all about, you need to come here to experience it first hand. Its not only about dirt and cacti. There are flowers galore as well.
The Desert Botanical Garden is hands down the greatest place to get away in the city. 5 reasons you need to become a member. 1. The beauty of our Desert Landscape. The park is so well laid out with numerous spots to sit and relax whether under a cactus or mesquite tree or by one of the numerous water features thru out the park. 2. The Fall concert series. The Garden brings in great musicians at night under the stars in the cool Phoenix air. Enjoy a bottle of wine, Spanish guitar and nibble on the catered Arcadia Farms. We have so much fun at these events and try to make as many as we can. 3. Dia de los muertos. Another great event held at the Gardens. We had a blast as the Gardens goes all out celebrating the day of the dead. Amazing food, local artist, theater and the final procession. 4. Chocolate and Chili Festival. Yes, they go great together. Tons of Chocolatiers and music. A must for any chocolate lover. 5. The Luminaries (Holidays). Had the greatest Christmas memories enjoying the large number of musical groups and beautifully lit luminaries (Yes with candles, don't know how long it takes to light those). This will get you in the Christmas/Holiday mood. The Desert Botanical Gardens takes the beauty of the harsh desert environment and turns it into an oasis filled with music, spirits, food and light. We will be members for as long as we live here.
Always fun for the entire family, and they especially have great seasonal events, like Luminarias.
Kinda spendy, but a very nice way to kill an afternoon.
The Butterfly Exhibit was worth the trip.
I love this place. Everyone needs to go here and they will love it too. Photographers - they have classes you can take where you have access to the garden at night. What's more awesome than a picture of the full moon with a mighty saguaro in front of it. They also have smart phone photography classes. If you don't need a class, there is so much to photograph here. I've captured amazing shots of hummingbirds, flowers, butterflies, art, and people just to name a few. An awesome place to practice your craft. The events - There is something always going on. Luminaries, Music in the Garden, Pumpkin Festival, Chocolates and Chiles, Dia de Los Muertos, giant art installations, plant sales, and these are just a few that happen in the fall. If you had a membership, it could be paid back in unique visits within a couple weeks. Classes - I already talked about the photography classes (those are the ones I've taken) but there are so many others! You want to learn how to garden? Maybe create a drip system? Blow glass? Practice Tai-Chi? Seriously you can do all of this in the most picturesque place Phoenix has to offer. I'm a huge fan of the garden and recently joined their Monarch Society that includes membership to the garden and has extra special events for young professionals. That means enjoying everything awesome the garden has to offer with other awesome people. They are in the process of building a restaurant there which I am so looking forward to dining at. What a great location for drinks and fresh local food. If you think it's just walking around looking at cactus, think again.
Attended last weekend for the Cactus and Corks event. I'm from Ohio and live in CO so this was an awesome place to check out the deserts terrain. I recommend keeping an eye for for local events and bringing any out of town guests to this garden. Beautiful. Well worth my afternoon
I have visited this locale on a few occasions now and I must say there is nothing like it in all the Valley and perhaps the state itself. They host tons of events throughout the year and the YELP party that was held here in 2010 was EPIC. I highly recommend going at night....but watch for the critters.....LOL...both animal and human....LOL. There doesn't have to be an event there to go visit though....if you just want some peace and quiet....enjoy a beautiful sunrise or sunset.....or just take a romantic stroll with that special someone.....then this is your place. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!!
This place is beautiful. We had a BOGO coupon, and I had my student ID so we saved about $36. The bathrooms are clean and the water fountains are filtered with cold water. Makes walking around on a hot day much more enjoyable. If you have the opportunity to come later in the day I would recommend it. They have lights throughout the grounds and it's really fun for the kids to see. It's not a very big garden, but it was fun to sit on the lounge chairs by the water foutains and just relax. Before we knew it, 30 mins had passed by. They offer a variety of classes for an additional fee. I'm sure it would be fun to go to. I believe it's free on the second Tuesday of every month, so it's a great opportunity to take the kids when they get of of school.
When on vacation the wife and I always try to do something new. Though we have already visited DBG previously we were excited to see the Chihuly exhibit and the Luminarias. It was so worth it. Seeing this at night while the sun is setting is absolutely a sight to see. Though the Luminarias only run during the holiday season I highly recommend seeing this place at night. There just a peaceful feeling about walking around in the dark and discovering new things around each corner, be it a musical group (they had four last night), or a gorgeous blown glass art exhibit lit up and complimenting the plant life around it. Last night put us into the holiday spirit. It is a definite must see. For some reason last night there was a special on admission. 50% off, only $15 a person. But even at $30 it is well worth the price. Happy Holidays to all. Ho Ho Ho. :)
Every time I visit the Desert Botanical Garden, I kick myself for not visiting more often. It's usually one of their amazing annual events that pulls me in - Luminarias, Chiles and Chocolates, or some other special exhibit - but there is so much to see and explore and learn in this garden, even when there isn't a special event going on. The collection of plants is extensive and impressive, the way it's organize and displayed throughout the garden makes turning every corner an adventure, and their dedication to showing off the beauty of the desert is enough to make any Phoenician proud. If you are a photographer, this is one of the best places in Phoenix you can go for a wide variety of photo opportunities, any time of day and any time of year. Whatever you're interests may be, for out-of-town visitors this should be at the top of your list of attractions to experience, and for locals you should make it a habit of visiting at least once per year.
Fantastic place to bring a date or out-of-towners to experience the beauty of the desert landscape. It does get quite hot and there is little shade so I recommend wearing a hat and sunblock. I've been here a few times, and it's a 2 to 3 hour outing to explore max. The Chihuly exhibit is very cool and definitely worth checking out, though the garden was the most crowded I've ever experienced when we went even though they sell a limited number of tickets for specific time slots. The local libraries offer "culture passes" where you can get free admission to the garden, and AAA membership gives you a 20% discount.
The Chihuly Exhibit was simply beautiful and amazing! I have never seen anything like it. Thank you for the opportunity to see such great beauty!
As soon as I found out that the Desert Botanical Gardens had a Dale Chihuly exhibit I knew that I had to go. Honestly, if it weren't for the Chihuly exhibit I probably would have never gone to the garden but I'm so glad that I went. The garden in the spring was absolutely beautiful. Displaying desert plants from the Sonoran Desert in the Southwestern United States and around the world. Many of the plants in bloom at the time that I went. Although it was spring and the temperature was tolerable I can't imagine taking a stroll through the gardens during the sweltering summer days. There isn't too much shade along the paths. The employees were really friendly and very informative. I also really appreciated the fact that the gardens were so well maintained. Parking is free. Adult tickets are $22 and Students $12. Unfortunately, I believe the Chihuly exhibit has ended but don't let that stop you from checking out this beautiful gem. Would definitely drop by the gardens if I'm ever in the Phoenix area again. I loved it! Don't forget to bring your hat, water, and some sunscreen!
This review is for the smart shopper card program on ABC-15. It is simply provides you with some of the best deals in town. Go to the website and print it immediately and start saving some serious cash here in the valley. Eat, Drink, and Be Merry my Friends!!!!
Went back again today, to the new location and was so thankful that they were still around. He was able to fix my Blackberry Curve in less than 5 minutes. He was helping out some poor guy who washed his RAZR in the washing machine. He spent time explaining the new phone to the gentleman and charged him a very reasonable rate for a new phone, getting the number on to that phone, and providing a wall and phone charger. I was impressed!
7 years and 30+ visits with several different vehicles and only one mistake that was corrected immediately. These guys are always fair, have the best work ethic and never have a problem explaining everything in detail. I now live 35 miles away, but still drive back there to get any work done. FYI; they can tow you in if you need it.
The Phoenix Zoo is my favorite place to spend beautiful spring Phoenix days. My 5 year old daughter and I love the sting rays, the petting zoo, the water play areas, the carousel, the tree house, the horse back riding classes ... this place has so much to offer. My personal favorite exhibit is the Savannah and the new Komodo dragon exhibit is cool too. The membership is worth the money and pays for itself after just a couple of trips. You also get free passes and discounts as part of the membership so I definitely recommend it. Once you go there, you will find that you want to go back time and again to play, explore and hang-out.
What a great place to take the kids for a fun day! Camel rides, petting zoo, great play areas. It's not the San Diego Zoo, but it's not to shabby...
The Phoenix Zoo is tucked away in Papago Park. Just look for some hills that remind you of Disneyland's Big Thunder Mountain and you've found it. It seems Phoenix could do a better job directing traffic to this little gem. I never saw one sign until we arrived, basically. It's a great oasis for all ages. Little kids can fall in love with all sorts of animals while older kids can get a thrill from the zipline ride. There are so many snack options including: popcorn, ice cream, frozen lemonade and more. Plus there are lots of water attractions or the little kids like a little river under a tree playhouse and a water pad area. There were a lot more things to see then we saw so you could spend hours there. Don't forget to get a family portrait while you're there, too. They photoshop animals into some of the poses so it looks like your kids are holding a lion cub or other wildlife. We only stayed a few hot hours there but, I would recommend it to anyone visiting the Phoenix area. Very nice indeed.
By far the best zoo in the valley. The year passes are great and pay for themselves. Plenty of shade and places to sit and rest, especially in the AZ sun.
One of the best presents I got was a zoo membership. I have always loved the Phoenix Zoo for their conservation efforts, helping save animals from extinction, and making constant improvements on the facilities for both their animals and their guests. A.A. Milne once wrote, ""There are some people who begin the Zoo at the beginning, called WAYIN, and walk as quickly as they can past every cage until they get to the one called WAYOUT, but the nicest people go straight to the animal they love the most, and stay there." Once you've walked through the Phoenix Zoo, you'll feel the same way as you find your favorite animals you just have to visit over and over again. The membership is worth it, because you can't just visit once. If you can, try to take advantage of the early member hours during the warmer months. This way, you won't tire out as fast and you can see the animals when they are out and about.
WE have a family membership here and it is worth every penny. The stingray exhibit is worth the money.
Went to a job fair here. Very nice place. Friendly employees and people. Well put together conference room and lots of water and snacks for everyone. There was also candy but since I have braces, I stuck with the water. The day I was here it was very rainy so running to and from my car that day was very wet but it didn't take anything away from the experience .
Need a good auto repair place, this is it. I have been using Terry's for over 8 years. I was introduced to Terry's Auto by a friend. Since that time, I have used this place exclusively for my cars. It is very tough to find an auto mechanic that you can trust. With Terry's, I drop my car off, tell them what I need and walk out. I come back, usually by the end of the day, and he is done. Fair price without a worry. Have been taking my wifes 1997 Chrysler there for years. Have had new transmission, new sets of tires, and multiple other basic maintenance. A vehicle that probably would not have lasted more than 100k miles is still running well at 150k plus miles. Terry has even been kind enough to work with me on payments when I had transmission installed. Can't promise he will do the same with you, but then, I have been going to him for 8 years. Need a good mechanic, look no further...
Los Jarritos has fallen on hard times, the good news is they are still open the bad is that it's Wed-Thurs-Fri. They've been closed for the past 4 months as business was slow. Still great food, some of the best salsa, enchilada sauce, and machaca in town. Rosa, the owner and wait staff, and her mother Maria, the cook, plan to be open 5 days a week in Dec. Sure glad I got my Las Jarritos fix after a long wait.
We have traditionally taken our vehicles strictly to the dealerships for any type of repairs. Recently my wife found a coupon for Dean's in the ValuPak. She convinced me to give them a try and we are glad we did. She celled them to talk about to schedule an appointment. When she got off the phone she just couldn't stop raving about their customer service. That was just the first call. The following day we dropped the car off to them 15 minutes before they opened for the day. Again, great customer service. The great customer service just kept consistent through our entire experience. Their quality of work has been great and they don't try to push repairs on you. I didn't use it, but I understand that they offer a shuttle service. Since writing this review I have received a phone call from them making sure that I was satisfied with their service and received a thank you card in the mail. They continue to impress me. When was the last time you got that level of service from anyone?
I have complete confidence with this shop. Super knowledgeable and were quick and friendly. I took my truck to them for a second opinion and they found that the "recommendations" from the other shop were completely untrue. I saved over $700 by having them do the work and not the first overpriced shop.
Papago has long been arguably my favorite course in town, but it took me a long time to finally get out there for the first time since the renovation. I've played it many times pre-renovation and was excited to finally play the "new" Papago. Once I got past the first couple holes, I realized most of the course really hasn't changed too much. Most of the noticeable changes are on #1 and #9 since so many trees are gone, the ugly pond by the old #1 tee is no more, and the lake between those two holes is cleaned up and reshaped. #1 is tougher now and I don't see myself hitting it in two anymore, but I love the way it looks with the lake cleaned up. #2 is nicer without all the dead trees around the green which allows for the clear view of the buttes. #9 benefited the most from the changes in my opinion. It's a beautiful view from the tee and the drive is no longer partially blind from the tips. The entire hole is in view, and it looks great. Not sure I like the way #11 was changed. I like the cleaner view and the cleaned up lake, but it's a small green for a 190 yard tee shot all over water. I think they should of kept that hole the same distance and let that small, sloping, firm green be all the challenge you need there. The greens are huge now and they are firm and fast, but still roll great. They pose quite a challenge as shown in all my failed up-and-downs today, but it's a fair challenge. Big props for the updated bathroom and the water and ice machine at the intersection of 5-6-11-12. LOVE the water and ice machine. You got fancy on me, Papago. The pro shop and snack bar are in a trailer right now, and I don't know the status of the new clubhouse, but I have a feeling that it's a long way off due to the city budget issues. It still works for a muni, but don't expect resort-style amenities. So all in all, I still love Papago and it's still arguably my favorite course and the best layout in the valley. The greens are a challenge but in a good way. The prices are higher now but still reasonable with the City of Phoenix discount golf card. If you're an out-of-towner, I'd say Papago is definitely a must-play, but the non-cardholder rates can be a little steep. Did I mention I love the new water and ice machine out on the course?
It's unique and it's in Phoenix, for that alone it gets 5 stars. This is a fun place to kill a couple of hours with out of town visitors or on a date. Stroll through the gardens. Wander through the grocery store, (yes it stinks but it's part of the ambiance) and look a all the strange and gross foods. Try one of the restaurants, but not Quizno's that doesn't count. Check out the curio shops for some odd trinket to take home with you.
Jeff and his assistant manager (cant remember her name) were seriously f-ing awesome. The customer service is A+ in my book!! The next time I am in need to rent a vehicle....I AM COMING TO THIS ENTERPRISE!!
If you have never been to a Blimpie, then I suggest you drop everything and head over to one now. This has been to only sub shop I have ever enjoyed. Their Blimpie Best should be an award winner. Also, the customer service at this location is phenomenal! They are so we welcoming and kind. This will be my regular location for now on!
This is the store we shopped when we lived up the street. I like the size of the store, unlike other stores this size such as Trader Joes which drives me crazy. I really liked the choice of veggies since there is nothing better than a good salad or side dish. The meat counter has a great selection of meats and fish along with a few products put together for you and just cook. If I could not find somethng they often would order it for me and that was wonderful. Good cheese selection too is great. One thnig I did not usually enjoy was the pastry, it looks great but little flavour. And as for the prepared food counter, I looked often and thought it looks great but never bought anything. I preferred to cook. But most of all this store is always so well kept and organized with very helpful employees.
This is a smaller, older, happier Aj's. A go-to spot for produce if you can't get to the CenPho downtown market or the Guadeloupe Farmer's Market. Very helpful and unpretentious service for wine and liquor. Good for pizza-by-the-slice (I like the veggie). Hot tip: Flowers are half-off from 4:00 to 6:00 on Friday. They have some really cool single-stems, so you could do something snazzy on the cheap. Fun fact: Chris Bianco used to make pizzas here in the late '80s, when the store was called Euromarket. Talk about nostalgia -- you could grab a Bianco pizza and eat outside with only a ten minute wait!
These sandwiches are the bomb. You will not be disappointed.
I of course have a crush on Chris Bianco. Not because of his rugged good looks or what could be hiding behind his fly but because of his ideals and passions. He is committed to the finest ingredients.. the best techniques and has the knowledge to pull it all together almost daily with consistency. I admire what he does and it simply shows in all that he makes. PB for me is hands down the best place in town for a great rustic sandwich. The flavors and textures are simple yet when combined offer a complexity that's hard to beat. Down to earth this place directly reflects the passion of it's owner. Chris Bianco should run for president.. no bs.. no lying about WMD.. just true and real, honest to goodness.
The best sandwich I've ever had is hands down Chris Bianco's amazing housemade mozzarella, local tomato and basil sandwich. All his sandwiches are delivered on amazing pane (Italian bread) with ingredients of the highest quality - as at Pizzeria Bianco. If I stop by with less hunger I usually go for the house made focaccia, the pieces are large enough to practically be considered a slice of deep dish pizza. They're topped with a different combination daily and are heated in the wood fired oven before being wrapped up - it's amazing for half the price of the sandwich. Be warned that seating is only outdoors, but the tables are covered by shade with water misters. So depending on the weather this usually isn't that big of a deal. And if you are really brave you may venture next door into Lux for a cool drink and an escape from the outdoor tables. This is a wonderful spot for a casual lunch or for bringing people from out of town. The lines are not nearly as long as they are at Pizzeria Bianco.... yet.
Excellent fresh sandwiches to give you a break from the monotony of work. Makes a good business meeting lunch as well. And now you can sit in the cool air-conditioning next door if you get there early enough.
I dream about Pane Bianco's rustic loaves. On a weekend trip to Arizona I stumbled upon this joint. I bought a loaf of bread and gobbled it down in minutes. The next day I returned for another loaf. I couldn't get enough. The bread: perfectly salty, with a crunchy crust, and fluffy crumb. I am now hunting for a comparable loaf in my hometown, Los Angeles.
Small and tasteful menu, nice decor, welcoming staff, great beer!
Have never had a bad sandwich here. The bread is baked fresh in a brick oven on the premises by Super Mario and Luigi. The mozzarella cheese is fresh, soft and mild. I love the mozzarella sandwich; it's on the daily menu. But I would go adventurous and get the market sandwich for the day. It's always different but I have never been disappointed. They now also give you a tasty cold bean salad when you order a sandwich. Strong onion flavor but a nice touch with the mozzarella sandwich. A sandwich from here and tropical iced tea from Lux next door make for a meal for the gods. They only serve sandwiches to go until 4pm. But you can enjoy the nice French, Bohemian chic dining area if you want a nice dinner.
My husband and I went to Pane Bianco when we were driving through Phoenix and we absolutely loved it! Incredible food, service and decor. Pane Bianco had a very warm and friendly vibe. The bread is to die for!
I've only eaten at the restaurant once and have ordered takeout from here numerous time as I live about a block away. Dine-in experience: I came here with a friend who raved about this place. I loved the restaurance. The atmosphere is low-key and romantic. The service is great, casual while still being professional and the food. Well It's owned by Chris Bianco (in some form or another at least) so do I really need to talk about how great the food is? Well if you're unfamiliar, the food is incredible! Take-out experience: I love that when I order something to go they know exactly how long it will take to be ready. It means I am not made to sit and wait while my food is being prepared and at the same time it means my food isn't sitting waiting for me to get there (their pizzas are paper thin and get lose heat quickly). The staff is always friendly and personable. I love that I can buy alive oils and maranara sauce there too. I'm going to try my hand at making pizza this weekend. I bought some pizza flour, maranara and oil from them yesterday.
I have eaten almost everything on Pane Bianco's menu! Their market sandwiches never disappoint; the flavors in the slow roasted pork are crazy good, the mozarella sooo fresh, you feel like thanking the cow. My favorite pizza is a tie between the rosa and bianco verde - 2 entirely different pizza experiences. One features pistachios and caramelized onion(rosa) and the other, arugula atop amazing cheese. Both put me in an exceptionally good mood and I relish every single biteI have no idea how they make everything so delicious but keep the magic going! An added plus? The rice pudding is unbelievable and the hospitality they show their customers sets the bar! Every star, well deserved! These people have my respect!
Okay... the bad reviewers must have gone to another bar or something. If you are looking for table clothes or elegant atmosphere, why go to a bar? I have had great luck here. This place is everything that I would expect an English pub to be. They have many beers (an amazing amount) and when I went there, I had a waitress remember me and my drink order from about 3 weeks prior. Make no mistake, this is a PUB! It is not fine dining! It is a local bar where you can let your hair down and relax! The atmosphere is great and the girls are pretty, both customers and wait staff! The food is great pub food! What more could anyone want from a bar? I haven't been disappointed yet, and I have been going there for at least 2 years. It isn't perfect... it's a bar. I'm looking to sit with my friends, have great conversation, drink a beer, eat good food, and look at girls. Isn't that what a bar is for? If that is what you are interested in, George and Dragon is the perfect place!
I recently purchased by first road bike from Eric, the owner of Slippery Pig. The service was and continues to be superb. I got a really great deal on the bike as well as all the "fixings" like a computer, headlight, shoes, pedals, extra tubes, etc. Eric even took the time to give me a mini lesson on how to fix a flat/replace a tube and how to adjust the clips on my shoes (after he took the time to secure them in for me in the first place). This was not because his bike shop was quiet and there wasn't any other work to do...this is because that is just the kind of guy he is and the type of bike shop he runs. You might have to wait a while to get help when its busy but they're gonna take good care of you when they do. The guys are a laid back group who love to shoot the shit and talk about bikes, recent rides, and old battle-scars. Any time my bike needs a tune up or adjustment they are happy to help. They made sure the bike fit my frame well and made minor adjustments to the seat height, handle bar angle, etc. Things I would not be able to do for myself as a novice rider. Furthermore, as a new rider the guys are even encouraging me to ride with a group and I've been invited to join them on many rides. There are some negative reviews but I would disregard them. I would gladly buy another bike here and I have many friends who have been loyal to this shop for many, many years and have purchased dozens of bikes from Eric. The new shop is in a great location across from the light-rail on Central ave. Plus there is a new, adorable shop-puppy working there!
I have been to slippery pig a half a dozen times in the last few months since moving in nearby. I have nothing but great things to say about the shop. They are friendly and courteous and I haven't experienced any of that bike snobbery that comes with LBS. I am glad I found a local shop with great service
So of you're in the mood for something different the southwest chicken Philly sandwich is fantastic!
First of all, THE LOCATION HAS CHANGED. I followed Yelp's directions because I'm a tool and didn't look up the actual address online... yup, they're no longer at 333 E. Osborn. They're at 1313 E. Osborn. So... yeah. That aside, o-m-g. For a doctor of this sort, Dr. Cyr is AMAZING. I have been to many women gynos (sorry, no dudes up in my lady-business) and I've had good ones and I've had atrocious ones. My atrocious experiences have all been in Phoenix, so I had been without an ob-gyn for several months until a co-worker recommended Dr. Cyr. Lucky for me, I struck GOLD! Dr. Cyr, you're not allowed to retire. Sorry. (Don't worry, she's young; she won't retire anytime soon). Cut to the chase. Reasons why Dr. Cyr is amazing: 1) She doesn't make me feel like a creepy weirdo for not being married nor wanting kids anytime soon. SERIOUSLY, I got grief from ob-gyns for 'not being ready for a family yet.' Um, guys, I can't even feed myself on a regular basis, and you want me to have a kid? Major fail. Dr. Cyr DOES NOT DO THIS. She didn't even bring up me wanting kids now or in the future. Thanks, Dr. Cyr! 2) I didn't wait a million hours to see her! At my last gyno doctor (who shall remain nameless), I waited 2 hours for my appt. Wtf?? Here, I waited no more than 20 minutes, and that was because I was filling out paperwork. YAY! 3) Dr. Cyr answered my questions professionally and fully. She didn't shirk around my more... awkward... questions, and she explained the options to me in plain English. She reassured me on some things that I was worried about, and she even made me laugh in the process. I NEVER laugh at the doctors! This is amazing!! On a less quantifiable basis, I felt Dr. Cyr just 'got' me. It's hard to explain, but I felt comfortable talking to her and felt I could bring any issue up and she wouldn't judge me for it. Shoot, I think I want to have a baby with Dr. Cyr now. Wait.. that's not quite what I meant... anyway, go see Dr. Cyr if you have lady-parts! You won't regret it!
I absolutely love this hospital. Having been to several other military hospitals, this one has made most everything a breeze in comparison. Also when I tend my friends the things that happen during doctor's visits and the attention I receive from the doctor they are envious. Granted not all the doctor's here are exceptional, some seem to be and act like your a typical HMO doctor who doesn't care about their patient. Dr. Azhar though will actually discuss what she thinks the problem is, and if you offer an opinion on what you might think is causing it that differs from hers she will actually not only listen, but discuss why or why you may not be right and if it might be what you think do follow-up to help determine it. Really?!? how many doctors do that now days?? The catch is appointments may not always start on time, but who cares if that means patients are getting individual attention and get more than 2 minutes of the doctor's attention!
Nice area and very public service friendly. The restaurant is clean, the staff are very kind and polite, and the sandwiches are rocking! Definitely a home cooked alternative to the fast food competitors. Service with a can do attitude and smile. This is one place that truly appreciates their customers.
Don't listen to these repressed, frigid whiners below. It's up to YOU to ring your own bell and no piece of latex can do it for you if you just ain't got it, but, if you got it and you want to ADD to it with a toy, video or article of trashy lingerie the Castle's got it. Friendly, helpful staff too!
I just re-visited Cheese 'N Stuff this weekend after a while. I guess just eat during their limited hours very often. They close very early (4pm). I love their liverwurst sandwiches and the Bismark but this time I decided to try the Doughboy people speak of minus mayo as I do not enjoy warm sandwich lubrication. As ever the place is tiny, homey and spotlessly clean. I had some of the hot German Potato salad as a side and a ginger ale. All were yummy, delicious and satisfying! As I was eating I had a yen for a Celery Soda to go with this classic sandwich but I've only been able to get them at Chompie's in the valley. There are loads of interesting European cookies to get packages of as dessert so grab a couple of friends when you go but carpool as the lot is smallish. I guess they stopped giving pickles with sandwiches, bummer.
This is the OLD SCHOOL Deli of Phoenix. My family has been going here since it has opened, my grandmother, my father, everyone. We always ordered Beer Wurst Sandwitches with their famous Cheese Spread. Try A dough boy, Try their Macaroni Salad. You can't go wrong. Yes, you do have to know what you want when you come in, this ain't friggin Subway, its a real DELI...
I absolutely LOVE this place! I've been eating here for over a decade now and it NEVER fails me. Consistant, friendly, and incredible food! Everything from the breakfast bagel, to the chicken salad sandwich, to the potato salad. If I lived closer, i'd eat here twice a week.
If you're looking for a more traditional Chinese experience for your pallet while in a traditional American setting with actual silverware look no further. Always yummy, it's one of my favorite Chinese places.
This place is excellent. The staff is very helpful and sweet. The prices are very reasonable. I love the fact that you can pick and choose what flowers you want in your arrangement from the walk-in and they charge just by the flower... kinda like AJ's but less expensive. Or, of course, they can create one for you... and they are gorgeous, dense arrangements that last weeks and weeks. The shop is always decorated so creatively, it always inspires me! Every first friday you can stop by (for no cost) and learn how to arrange flowers. I love this place!
RIP, Mr. Wax. I read in New Times that Dennis, the long time owner of Tracks in Wax, recently passed. For now, the plan is the store will go on without him. I'm quietly optimistic - but will miss his sense of humor and encyclopaedic music knowledge. Last time I was in with a girlfriend, we ended up wrestling over Sisters Of Mercy's "First and Last and Always." She won, but promised me visitation rights. (Bitch doesn't even have a record player!!) Sorry, I digress. I walked out with (get your collective geek squeals in unison) the original 2 record set of the radio broadcast of Orson Welles' "War of the Worlds." Granted, it's not music - but SQUEE! I can't wait to play it on a dark and stormy night! It was a geektacular moment in my life, to be sure! Selection is solid - but keeping in mind it's used music - what's hard to find is still hard to find. Dennis told me he coulnd't keep Leonard Cohen or Tom Waits in stock no matter how much he brought in. Damn other record collectors that get there wanting the same things I do! I really hope Tracks in Wax continues - it's a special and magical place.
Tracks In Wax has been a landmark here in Phoenix, and it was just today that I found out of Dennis' passing. I spent many a day hanging out in this store when I was went to high school down the road. Admittedly, most of the time I chose hanging out at Tracks instead of making my mid morning English class. I learned a majority of my early music knowledge thanks to those many days at Tracks. Stopped in today, filled with nostalgia and didn't leave empty handed. RIP Dennis.
this was my last stop on my Phoenix vinyl ventures. It was actually supposed to be my 2nd stop, but they close too early at 6pm, so I got there too late the first time. I was able to get here at 530 and felt bad since the lady stayed around till 615pm for me.-----I could have spent at least another 45 mins here. I didn't realize that they kept an Indie section up front, so after spending most of my time finding just a few items in the regular section, I found my section, but right at closing time. As I have pretty much most of what I want on UK vinyl, I now mostly collect Japanese vinyl releases----this place had a pretty good stock of nice Japanese pressings of the stuff I like. Pricing was on the higher side, most of my Japanese scores were $20 and up. They had some killer 7' vinyl, like rare Cure singles, but they were way over-priced i ended up spending the most dough here, even though my best finds were at Revolver
The thing i like about this place is the selection and it is all very fresh! The coupons really help as well. It is always very clean here,the kitchen and dining area. So no problem there. Soup is fantastic and if you can't find what you like ,then you are very picky. Something new that they have started is charging for special toppings. Which can really up your bill. But, other than that, you cannot beat the choices. Bathrooms are somewhat clean. I am sure it is hard to deep up with it all the time. Lots of parking in the lot.
Everything is super fresh whenever we go. Easy to fill a plate with healthy, delicious salad, but hard not to overheat! Their chili is also very tasty. We always try to eat there when we are in Phoenix.
I've been using Central Barber Shop for years, with very few exceptions. I need a haircut every 4 weeks and I always leave Central with a smile. I have had all of the barbers cut my hair, but I prefer to use Abrahigm or Roman. Previously, Roman's dad, Boris, was also excellent. I have never had to wait more than one person to get one of those guys, and usually get to sit down in one of their chairs as soon as I walk though the door. The cut and the hot towel and massage are all so relaxing. I have also had several shaves there as part of my service. Closer shave than I can ever give myself, and you'd never believe how relaxing it is to have a guy with a sharp blade that close to the jugular! I always leave there knowing that I couldn't have had better service anywhere else. I would recommend it to everybody!
this place rock! I've searched all over the bay area, Oregon even Texas for my avengers vs x-men and they were the only one that has the first print of issue 1,2. great customer service over the phone. i was able to order via telephone and they have it ready and shipped to me here in the bay area by tuesday
I am surprised at the reviews for this place. I thought it was a lovely family owned and operated business with quick and courteous customer service. They got together a great bouquet I personally selected. The store is wonderful to look around and we had a great time picking out something for a birthday. I thought they were wonderful. Enjoyed my time here.
The doctors and staff at East Maryland Animal Hospital are truly exceptional. I have tried several pet care providers over the past 10 years and never has any one come close to the level of care and customer service we receive at East Maryland. My sweet pit-hound Sunday and I first arrived at EMAH in the panic of a serious health crisis. Her then regular vet's office was unable to diagnose her growing list of symptoms, and we were dismissed with the advice to "probably prepare for the worst". Our visit to East Maryland to seek a second opinion yielded a completely different (and wonderful!) outcome. Her doctor was able to immediately get the diagnostic tests needed to determine a treatment plan, she consulted with several specialists by phone, and even coordinated an appointment for us with another specialty provider that very same day. Flash-forward five years later and my furry bestest girl is still by my side. The exceedingly competent, compassionate care we received at that first visit has remained consistent over the years, and I couldn't more highly recommend a provider to entrust with your furry loved ones.
TERRIFIC VET- clean, knowledgable and most professional. Dr. Schroeder is AMAZING! The BEST vet in Phoenix- HIGHLY recommended.
I have been to almost every dermatologist in the Phoenix metro area... I have had great skin my whole life, and randomly at 25 I got a pretty moderate case of acne. I had no idea what to do so I went to see dermatologist after dermatologist who all prescribed a cocktail of Rx's antibiotics and creams... Dr. Laris did the same thing but not until after he listen to my issues, explained to me the face wash and moisturizers that I should be using... And I can not believe the difference. I was over washing my face and using too many products drying out my skin causing more breakouts. The extra 5 minutes he spent with me going over the basics made a world of difference in my skin.... The staff here is always great as well!! I only get one face, so Thank You Dr. Laris for taking the time to listen!!
I haven't had a night out like this since Living in SF. These ladies had so much vibrance and personality! The show started slightly after 10:30 and I went in on a Friday to celebrate a friends birthday it was worth the wait! Drinks were cheap but the performance was not. The dive bar ambiance gave it a very comfortable feel, don't expect anything fancy except from the ladies. Small parking lot but lots of places to park nearby though! Kudos to the staff! We had a great night :)
I haven't been to the Hi-liter in years but have fond memories of this fine establishment. A couple of years ago I was kicked in the head by a dancer who was giving a dance to Mike Tyson... twice! There was no blood so I let it slide... I mean, did I really want to take a chance interrupting Mr. Tyson's good time and risk decapitation? I think not.
I highly endorse Samuel Kelsall. He was able to help me and my wife with everything from our will, powers of attorney, and medical directives. Best part, he takes the Metlaw (Hyatt) legal plan so we got very high quality document preparation and filing covered under our legal plan. Consider me a happy customer!!
First time I had pizza here for some reason....and cant they make something that is gross! I have eaten here tons of times and every experience with the food and service is the best ever. I have had the Alfredo the Dark (fettuccine alfredo), the big beef sandwich, the big tuna sandwich, and now chicken wings and pizza. The alfredo is so creamy and flavorful with a bit of spicy to it. I remember not being able to finish the gigantic plate of noodles. The beef sandwich makes my mouth water just thinking about it but my table was craving to share pizza and wings today so we ordered the pepperoni pizza thin crust and it was truly amazing. The garlic was perfect the crust was and cheese were a great consolidation of flavor. The chicken wings were great also, the sauce was a little thick and had a garlic hint to it as well. Of coarse what would a visit to Oregano's without ordering a macadamia nut pazookie! Man, this place is the best place for the cookie desert with ice cream, the half cooked cookie inside a good 10" pan and about 1/2" thick is so flavorful and good. I almost got sick from eating to much. Also if you have never been to an Oregano's be prepared to wait since they are always busy, the atmosphere is way casual and the decor is so very cool and trendy. I cant think of a better consistent trendy place for great food and great service. It's most definitely as good as it gets!
I have never been disappointed at Oregano's. My friend and I were going there about once a month for a year and a half while we were in school. I had never been here so she introduced me. I have now been there several times and this is my favorite of the locations. The tasters I've tried are the toasted ravioli espaniol, boom dip, guaca tony, and Lawrence's stuffed mushrooms. The ravioli is divine with a nice kick in the cheese and the marinara is my favorite of all of the the marinaras I have tasted. The boom dip is rich and creamy and the chips are actually a thin crust pizza with cheese on top, there are no words to describe how absolutely wonderful it is. The guaca tony has the same thin crust pizza to smear guac on and from what I hear the guac is phenomenal, stupid allergies prohibit me tasting. The stuffed mushrooms are more of a meal than a taster and are a lot meatier than I had imagined but was rich and delicious. If you get tasters just know that they are huge and that if you plan on dessert it is important to have plenty of people to share with unless you plan on not eating lunch/dinner. In regards to the wings my husband has thoroughly enjoyed the wings of fire and says that they are a different kind of hot more black pepper than hot sauce hot. He says that they were surprising but that they were a good change. The salads are like everything else on the menu huge and a little different. The Julius Caesar has a dressing that is Caesar with a little bit of a different kick. I normally ask for extra dressing but there was flavor in every bite. When you add chicken it is finally sliced and you can never get a bite without the chicken, I usually share this with my daughter because it is just to big for one person. My husband has said that the big beefstro and the antipasto thing are both the best salads he has ever had. This is high praise since he tends to not like going out. Every time we have gone out since he compares every salad he comes in contact with the salads from Oregano's and so his taste for other salads has become ruined. My father-in-law says that the southwestern shrimp caesar is better than he ever imagined. The shrimp was so tasty that even I liked it and my daughter started trying to steal salad. We have tried two of the sandwiches sort of on accident. The Italian stuffed and the fresh grilled Italian sausage. My mother-in-law meant to order the fresh grilled Italian sausage but accidentally said the Italian stuffed and when it came out she said it was delicious but that she wanted the sausage and mentioned it to the waitress. The waitress reordered the sausage sandwich and wrapped it up for her to take home and didn't even charge us for it. I think this really says something about the level of customer service that I have seen every time we go. We all tasted both and my mother-in-law who is rarely impressed has suggested this place numerous times based on this, oh and dessert. The pizzas are great. I normally don't like the thin crust but feel that they pack a lot in. I read in a review that the Aunt Margarita had no flavor which I thought was odd. It definitely isn't as greasy as some of the pizzas but it has some darn good flavor. The tomatoes are always done just right to give you that juicy tomato quality. My daughter always gets the pasta with the pesto sauce. She loves the pesto and enjoys the pesto penne bake. I truly love the ziti since it is flavorful and huge enough for three meals. I don't really like their Alfredo the dark but it isn't the worst alfredo that I have had. For dessert I have only ever had their pizza cookie and don't see any reason to change this in the future. I have had pizza cookie at many places but non that are even close to as yummy as the ones her at Oregano's. You will definitely find me at an Oregano's again soon.
AWESOME FOOD!!! I don't know why I've been in AZ 11yrs and this is my 1st visit here. AWESOME, AWESOME, AWESOME FOOD!!!
I am in love with this pizza. I love the crust! I can't eat cheese or meat so I ordered a veggie pizza without the cheese and it was heavenly! I wish there was one closer to where I live.
Why five stars? I wouldn't however what strikes me best about this location Is.....Consistency. sure I've been coming here since they opened. This is my first review of them. and I'm happy that not only is the food consistently good on this particular night my server ZAC was very good and went above what I expected. This is the first time in years I've been given a cold side plate for my salad. . he's he was considerate enough to bring a cold side plate... how many times can you count thata server has done that? Zac was cordial considerate and still like a ghost when he had to be..example, My drinks for me and my friends were refilled and I didn't even see him do it.haha nice very nice... Any way the food is good consistently and servers helpful
I love love love their Boom Dip!!! It is to die for!!! Every time I just want one all to myself! They also have Excellent Salads! If you are wondering whether or not to go here.... The answer is yes!!!
Seriously awesome pizza, but you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The salads are HUGE! Oh, and don't forget a pizookie!!
They are the best cleaners I have had in the valley.
Three years later, I still give Friendship five stars. I can still recommend it and do. I have been back there myself. It doesn't get much better than what this organization does for you. Yes it's a lot of work but when it comes to improving the quality of your life, it's work well done.
This place was outrageously delicious, great service and good atmosphere. It's the kind of place I would want to be a regular at but still have not found in San Francisco. The food and presentation was nothing short of upscale at sweet prices. The waiter was professional, he was at our table when we wanted something and not hanging around when we didn't. It was candle-lit and romantic but had a relaxed atmosphere. In fact, this is my favorite restaurant I have ever been to in my life.
OH MY GOD! This place was fantastic, I was visiting a friend of mine in AZ. And this noodle cafe was a breath of fresh air among the fast food joints and the cheesy greasy fattening chain restaurants..... We go in, and the staff was really nice, the service was actually realy good, and the noodles..........omg the Noodles were delicious I had the Yakisoba noodles, and they were fantastic. They had lots of different noodles, so check it out, they were pretty good sounding. It's a nice place to talk with a friend, and they have good food. Check it.
This place depicts fusion at a different level, this cozy place is great tasting and service is great. This is a perfect date place or lunch time place. I really liked the lunch boxes they serve, it included sushi, chicken katsu, bread, rice, and much more...
Cherry Blossom has the best happy hour items! So tasty and fresh!!!! I am in love!
From the second you enter the door, it's pretty obvious that Cherryblossom isn't exactly your usual Japanese restaurant. With the works of Chagall adorning the walls right next to the iconic Japanese beckoning cat statue (aka Maneki Neko), the interior decor definitely alludes to the nature of the food served within its walls. Though firmly rooted in traditional Japanese cuisine, Cherryblossom also has select offerings from across Asia and Europe as well. I wouldn't exactly call it fusion cuisine... more like a meeting of traditions (with some exceptions, of course). As it's name would suggest, Cherryblossom is first and foremost a noodle house. With a wide range of noodles dishes, Cherryblossom definitely does not disappoint in this category. From Japanese noodle soups to stir-fried noodles to Italian pasta, there are more than enough options to suit an array of different palettes. There's even a tofu noodle option for those trying to keep low carb or gluten-free. In addition to the many noodle dishes available, Cherryblossom also serves a wide range of other choices as well. Sushi, rice dishes, salads and assorted tempura are all on the menu to tempt your taste buds. One of my usual go-to favorites is the Vege-Ten noodle soup. Served up in a large bowl, it's a hearty dish featuring either udon (thick wheat) or soba (thin buckwheat) noodles (I'll get either depending on my mood) in a miso soup with an assortment of vegetable tempura placed on top. Although this is usually filling enough for a complete meal unto itself (just because I'm still a big sushi lover even after going vegetarian), I'll also frequently get a vegetable roll (avocado, lettuce, cucumber, carrot, Inari tofu, and kaiware) to accompany my hearty bowl of tastiness... But no matter what you end up ordering, I doubt that you'll be going away unsatisfied. So a small confession... While writing this, I totally got an urge to try one of Cherryblossom's desserts. And since I'm always so full from the meals that I get there, I've never had the opportunity to try one of the pretty desserts inside the glass case. So for just you (and my tummy), I swung out to get a piece of their green tea mousse cake (something that I had been admiring the last couple of times that I had been in)... Although you may think that this cake might be something akin to a typical European chocolate mousse cake, it's most definitely an Asian-style dessert. Light with delicate and subtle flavors, this cake features a thick layer of green tea mousse sandwiched between a thin base of white cake and a layer of red bean paste on top and is served with some fresh berries alongside. Like many Asian desserts, it's not what the typical American palette would consider sweet. It's actually very much like the kinds of cakes that I grew up eating from Chinatown in LA... Maybe not everybody's cup of tea, but I found it pretty good. So long story short... If you find yourself hungry (or even just a little peckish) in the Central Phoenix area, I would highly suggest stopping into Cherryblossom Noodle Cafe. I don't think you'll be disappointed.
Best noodles outside Japan. Very authentic Japanese style restaurant. Try the champon noodles...
Great ramen place!!! I recommend !
VERY COOL ITALIAN/JAPANESE FUSION SPOT! I discovered this place because it is one of the few restaurants in the area that serves Ramen. If you're a foody like me, you know what I'm talking about when I say, "Ramen" and not that BS generic top ramen shit... But yes they serve it here! =) The Ramen was pretty good, not as good as Japan or in my hometown Bay Area, CA but it was good! I enjoyed this restaurant because it's probably the only place I've ever been to that specializes in both Japanese and Italian cuisine. THEY HAVE A AWESOME HAPPY HOUR MENU which literally cut the price of some menu items in half! =) MUST TRY AND RECOMMEND!!
5 stars...no 10 stars...f*ck it - I'd give Cherry ALL my stars if I could. I'm moving to SF tomorrow - land of Asian food galore, and where do I go for my last meal out in Phoenix? Yep, Cherry. It's that good. I have a few dear friends to thank for turning me on to this place, and ever since they did I've been having extremely unnatural cravings. Is ramen withdrawal a serious condition? I won't be asking my doctor for fear he says to stop inhaling it. Everything I've tasted at Cherry is divine, but what you come here for is the broth. Broth so delectable you'll want to bathe in it, for real. My recommendations for newcomers: Gyoza Pot Sake Clams Cha-shu TanTan-Men Extra Chili Paste - always Cherry, I will miss you dearly. Luckily I have friends who are sure to send me frequent snapchats of their future noodle feasts. Until we meet again, mmmmmmmmmm.
I've been to cherry blossom before and didn't have a good experience with it. After hearing rave reviews about their ramen, I decided to give it another try. I was pleasantly surprised with how much I enjoyed their ramen. My husband ordered the spicy Tan-Tan with a side order of sliced pork and I ordered the Cha-shu. I liked them both and would order them again. I really liked the broth and noodles of both bowls. Will be coming back!
This place is local favorite! Such a random menu from sushi to Italian food yet nothing disappoints!
I've been doing business with Foto Forum for about 8 months now, and I've always gotten great customer service, and advice from the folks there. Just recently, I had an experience that pleasantly surprised me. I'd purchased a Promaster CF card from them in January. I used it for a while, but then it got corrupted somehow. I switched to another brand that I had on hand, and took the Promaster back to FF. They exchanged it for another after verifying that it was a bad card with no problems. I stuck the new one in my camera case and forgot about it until a couple weeks ago. (I may have formatted the new one in my camera, I don't remember at this point) I pulled it out to use it for a firmware update, and found that neither my camera or computer would recognize it. So, I took it back to FF. They tried to format it in one of their cameras, and it wouldn't function for them either. With no questions asked, they not only exchanged this CF card for a new one, but they also upgraded it to the new "Extreme" CF that Promaster makes. In other words, they exchanged a $60 CF card for a $140 card without any hassle or paperwork. That's the kind of customer service I really like. One side comment: The people behind the counter at FF are photo geeks (and I don't think they'd be offended by that) who happen to work in a camera shop. Meaning they're incredibly knowledgable, and more than happy to help, but maybe not overwhelmingly polished and "salesman-like". I've dealt with all of the gentlemen working there currently, and can't think of a single negative thing to say about any of them. Regarding pricing: I research everything I buy before I make a purchase. I know that I can beat the prices at FF on many items by ordering online. The difference is generally fairly small though, and I feel that it's worth the extra 1-2% to purchase locally, and have the access to such an incredible knowledge base that the folks at FF have to offer.
One of my colleagues is a member here. Since we just got out of a meeting downtown, we decided to grab lunch here. I am very impressed with this place. The building is old, but it has been well kept. Pictures of past golf tournaments and celebrities line the hallways. Dark, high quality wood is used for the trim and finishes. When I think "country club", this is what I imagine. We went upstairs to the dining room and sat down for lunch. The server was very friendly and went over the menu & specials. One of the specials caught my attention, an Italian Panini w/Fries, so I ordered it. It was a few minutes after noon and the place started to get busy for lunch. Many businessmen from the area were having lunch as well as a few retirees and a couple of golfers. It was a nice mix of people and the vibe was very cool. It didn't take very long for our food to come out. The Italian Panini was awesome, full of flavor and the ingredients was fresh and high quality. Nice sized portion too....actually, it was large for a Panini. I was stuffed after this meal. Overall, it was a great experience. If it wasn't so far away from home, I'd seriously consider purchasing a membership here. Can't wait to come back and play some golf! Return Factor - 100%
best place around for anything rental or for party decorations. their inventory is very large and everything is in great shape and condition. staff is helpful and friendly. we like to support local businesses!
Buying a car at Coulter ranks as the best car buying experience I've had in the 35 years I've been buying cars. I dealt with Marty Katz and he (and the rest of the staff) dealt with us honestly, fairly and with great transparency. The most telling thing I can say is that the quality of the sales team will make me pick this dealership and Cadillac in particular over other brands in the future.
Wonderful food and great service. I love that they always have a different soup every time we come, which is served before the salad that's included with our entre. If there's something you need to change with your meal, that's not a problem. They are very accommodating and will go above and beyond to make sure your experience is top notch.
Karsh's is a transplanted New Yorker's baked good heaven. Bagels, rugulach, black and white cookies - all delicious. I spent a high school summer toiling away in one of the neighboring stores and gained at least five pounds due to my daily dessert of a giant fudge brownie. The best thing about Karsh's though is their chocolate seven-layer cake. It is the cake of choice for almost every family gathering we have. Not only is the yellow cake just the right amount of sponginess, but the chocolate frosting is probably the best I've ever had. I could eat this cake for every meal of the day, and may actually have done so on at least one occasion. Mmmm...cake.
Holy crikes this rugalach is amazing! Cheese-filled with fruit and I think chocolate. Walking into Karsh's with my Groupon in hand, I thought I'd landed back in mama's womb. Pastry is one of my comfort foods. Flaky, buttery and chilled to the right temperature. I'm not saying mama's womb was flaky but... I also got an eclaire, some mini-pastries and a white cake that's covered with chocolate icing, then rolled in coconut. That's in the freezer until book club night! The service was wonderful! I got to try a bunch of different sweets and left with a huge bag of stuff. For my $20-valued Groupon, I will be eating this for a week. A WEEK. Only bad thing is that it's close enough that I can walk there.
I walked in, screamed "Hey Charlie" to Charlie, the bartender, and he screamed back "Hey Amber." This is my new home base. I couldn't love this place more if I tried. Try the fuzzy .... ummm .. you know, the other name for a kitty kat ... it's quite tasty
Being new to the Valley of the Sun, I have made the round of the Valley's dry cleaners and Tony's is by far the finest there is. If you're sorta an eco-friendly hippie (like me), you will love that they use environmentally friendly products which omits the chemical-y smell that dry cleaned clothes oftentimes carry. Bring your old hangers in for recycling and green garment bags are available for purchase! Tony's staff and owners are as helpful as they come and know me on a first-name basis. Personalized service goes a long way nowadays! My clothes are always ready on time and perfectly pressed; if you are extra busy and fighting for time they even offer home delivery and pickup! Talk about convenience. If you have collectible pieces or are picky about your wardrobe, the only one to trust is Tony's. I'll stake (and already have) my wedding dress on it! My wedding dress came back sparkly white and preserved in an airtight box, I couldn't be more pleased!
I have been ordering the #7 (chili dog) with fries and an ice tea for nearly 15 years from The Great Dane. I love this place! The owners are so great and friendly. The food is simple, but I love it. This is a small establishment and at times can be kind of crowded and other times there isn't but one customer.
I cannot believe that I haven't reviewed this place yet. It's incredible, really. An incredible amount of pork products, from all natural casing hot dogs, to different wursts, to the most amazing sausages, and tons of products like capicolla, head cheese, bologna...it's all good. This past weekend, I picked up the Hot Italians, Sweet Italians, Apple, Jalapeno Cheddar Dogs, Beer Hots, and their Cajun Boudins. Obviously, I love my pork (urge to make sausage innuendo jokes rising...). All of the sausages were amazing. Juicy, tender, with crisp skins. The hot italians were actually spicy, which is amazing, most "hot" italians aren't. The jalapeno cheddar dog was gooey and spicy, and the beer hots were spicy with just a hint of lager to them. I've had the Cajun Boudins, but I haven't been able to get into my new ones, but to be honest, they're amazing. Mixing pork and rice in a sausage is an awesome idea. In their store, they have samples. The head cheese is glorious, despite the name of "head cheese", trust me, it's incredible... Very cheap prices and friendly staff (even though I would honestly expect a huge italian guy, yet I am greeted by two awesome women) help round it out, and keeps Schreiner's at the absolute top of my list.
If Ferris Bueller were trying to sneak his way into one of the finer lunch establishments in Phoenix, there is little question that he would pretend to be Mr. Schreiner, the sausage king of Phoenix. Giving them a 5 star review is preaching to the choir of essentially all the major restaurants in town that serve their product. But, to truly appreciate Schreiner's, you must go to their tiny little shop and engage your senses. I throw a party every year that is basically buying beer, buns, cole slaw, potato salad and mustard at Costco; then proceeding to Schreiner's to buy an obscene amount and variety of sausage to grill up. Buy some fat knockwursts and cheese brats to balance out the spicy beer hots and linguisa. Also buy some of all the other sausage because why the hell not? One of the cool places in Phoenix that deserves a look next time you're near 7th and Osborn.
Consistently delicious sausages, whether uncooked or smoked. I only wish the store wasn't so far away.
Rhythm Room- by far PHX's best venue. It will be no shocker in 2010 when every concert goer in PHX becomes acquainted with Rhythm Room. It's going to pick up the slack for Phoenix's lack of venues...which is good, b/ this place is great. Way better than the clubhouse...21+ can actually see the stage! I'm rooting for you Rsquared.
I am a yoga newbie. I was referred to Desert Song by family and friends, who all raved about the instruction and facility. I have only taken Mary Beth's "all levels" yoga class 2 times, but I will keep going back again! You can tell that the people who take these classes are very passionate about the practice. I think the last time I attended her class there were 6-7 yoga instructors TAKING her class! That should say something! I am thrilled to have found a class that is challenging for all levels. I have found that I can only do beginning poses, but have tried to do some of the more advanced variations. The "all levels" class will probably keep me challenged for a long time. Then, when I feel like I have mastered the basics in the more advanced poses, I'll try my luck at some of the "advanced" classes.
I went to a different eye doctor and had problems with my vision when I got my glasses from him. I went back to him and he rechecked me and said there was nothing wrong with the prescription, I just needed to look through a different part of the lens (which was total BS) I went to Dr Frank for a second opinion. He was very thorough and found the problem and fixed it. He gave me the proper prescription and also had my lenses shaped a different way that was better for my eyes. I highly recommend Dr Frank.
A recent visit to Central Phoenix Eye Care gave me the assurance that I needed - allaying my fears for a refractive adjustment to optimize my nearsightedness utilizing conventional glasses - not contact lenses. The diagnosis, as determined by Dr. Stephanie Mastores, was that I was just suffering from dry eye syndrome - a condition that I have been plagued with for many years. I was relieved to hear that I didn't need new corrective lenses, i.e. a new prescription. Central Phoenix Eye Care is well staffed with competent professionals many of whom I've known for many years. Dr. Kantor has been my primary optometrist for nearly 30 years and I can attest to his competence, knowledge and ability. The pleasing aesthetics of the office is another plus - very serene - almost Zen-like!
Staff is knowledgable and friendly. They have a big space, and hold lots of comic related event, but also gaming events for RPG's and CCG's. I visited all the comic shops when I moved here from NYC looking for a new on to feed my comic addiction, and Samurai is the one that I choose as the most real.
I am a geek. It is true, and depending on the time, I wear it loud and proud or I just pretend to be a Norm. I really look and act like a Norm, I promise. I even bathe and brush my hair daily! Samurai is an awesome store. I can't say enough good things about the place. It's super user friendly, for one. They have a bunch of regulars that work there who run the place and know their stuff. I have a subscription box, and I love it. You can basically ask them to pull certain comics every time they come out on Wednesday, and come by when you've got enough to purchase and get them all out! And everytime something you subscribe gets put in the box, they email you letting you know it's there. No fighting to make sure you're able to get it, no coming in a month later like I usually do to find out that Jason Pearson's return to Body Bags sold out AGES ago and you can't get any... it's just there. It's dangerous for my pocket book, but in the best sort of way. I have a lot of history with this place. I went by this store every time I was passing by about 2 years ago. I really stopped going because money was tight, and truthfully, every time I walked in there I was spending more than $50!! Good for them, not so good for me. I wanted to start reading Death Note. They didn't have them, so they ordered it for me. They did the same for multiple TPBs that they didn't have on hand. They will check the other stores to see if they have back issues of an arc you missed, if you're a dork like I am and constantly forget to check when something is coming out. Or if you get on the bandwagon late and want to read something 3 issues in. :P They were awesome then. They're still awesome now. Recently I made it a point to wander back in after I had seen things pop up about free comic book day. I wanted to get Becky Cloonan's Conan the Barbarian. I was out of luck, but they put it in my subscription box. And when I stopped by to get it, I see a sweet little note on there saying Welcome Back from Chris! Now that tickles me to the cockles of my wee lil' heart. That is SO awesome. I love Samurai. I don't live anywhere near you guys, but as long as I'm into comics and live in Phoenix, I'll be coming to you guys. I promise.
Were super helpful, friendly, and fixed the alignment on my car quickly while I waiting (with a scheduled appt, I was not a walk-in). This is a family-run type place, and it was nice to see the names of everyone on that wall that worked there, accompanied by their photo and how many years they had worked there.
Honest, forthright, great customer service, affordable.
Our car needed an oil change... and then, suddenly, the air would only blow warm. Never good in June! We made the mistake of taking it to the VW dealership, and was told that the relay (whatever that is...) needed to be replaced and that it would cost me $360. Ugh. Soooo... the Husband (much more knowledgeable about car stuff) gave Precision Imports a call. They told him to bring the car in to them and they'd make sure it was less. No kidding!! They got the work done asap, and only charged us $125. Savings of OVER $200! Now, THAT is good service! They just made loyal customers out of us... no more dealerships for our car!
My neighbor suggested this place for my car repairs. What a great place. Al and Frank are honest, nice and affordable. Always let you bring your vehicle in no problem. I highly recommend them.
I believe I first stumbled into this place in 2001 or so. Had a Honda. These guys in their little greasy office were my new best friends! Honest, straight forward, no-nonsense, I'm running out of adjectives. They told me what I needed, how much it cost and when it would be ready. I picked up my car when they said and that was that. Sometimes they gave extra analysis. Time passed and I moved away for 6 years. I went back to them about a year ago with a mini cooper - they remembered me and wondered why I wasn't driving a Honda or Toyota :-). They honestly told me that they could not fix the issue I had (they did not have the high-tech Mini/BMW equipment required), so Mini fixed it for $1,700. I went back with a Toyota Rav4 - their specialty. Easy in and out for scheduled maintenance and always less than $40. Today, they did maintenance. Friendly service, easy for me in and out. Frank told me that the Right Rear shock was leaking and since it was under warranty I should take it to Toyota. I did, they fixed it free of charge (I know, few things in life are REALLY free - especially at the Toyota Dealership). My point is that Frank told me the up-front truth about my car and didn't try to sell me anything. He could have ignored it but that's not how he/they operate. Which is why he and Al are so well regarded and so appreciated on sites like this. It's also why you don't see their name on billboards, or bus benches, or mailers in your mailbox. No need. Their reputation supplies them with all the business they can handle. And they handle a LOT of business.
I recieved a diagnosis (from a trusted mechanic) that I likely had a bad catalytic converter on my Dodge Stratus. I saw the positive review on Yelp and decided to try Mad Hatter. I received a phone quote for $269.00 to replace the CC. When I brought the car in, Mark (the shop tech) decided to check to make sure the CC was bad before doing the replacement. Mark spent about 20-30 minutes on the CC, finally taking it down and showing me that it was okay and didn't need replacement. He had let me know beforehand that there would be a small charge to check it (which I okayed), but only ended up charging me about half of what he quoted because it didn't take as much work as he thought. In these times, with everyone scrapping for every dollar, it's really nice to know that there are honest mechanics out there willing to help YOU save money. I will definitely recommend this shop to anyone needing muffler/CC/brake work in the future.
A great experience and it was only a small lumber purchase!
I heart Tokyo Express. I have been coming here ever since I was a little girl, when I would come to work with my parents. Now that I am a big girl, I still come here about twice a month for lunch, sometimes 3-4. I always order the same thing, teriyaki lite bowl with egg rolls. But today I decided to switch it up & I ordered bento box a. It was ok, the best parts were the teriyaki chicken & eggroll so I think I will just stick to my usual. The 2 girls up front who take orders are always smiling & super sweet. I have never had to wait more than 5 mins for my order. Like I said, I heart Tokyo Express!
I cannot say enough great things about Inmans!!! Jay and Jeff are always super helpful and patient with me. I am a girl and I know nothing about cars. I just want my car to work well and Inmans takes care of me every time. They will pick you up and drop you off, which is heavensent amidst the whole inconvenient car trouble times in your life. Their lobby is clean and spacious. Their bathroom is girl friendly. Yes, these are things I take into consideration with a mechanic! Their prices may be a little higher than your greasy, dirty, scary joint on the corner....but I would pay a few more bucks for Inmans service any day!
I took my 4runner into Inman per recommendation to make sure it was safe enough to get my girlfriend and I to Zion National Park. Jeff took a look and the prognosis was not good, however accurate. I was straightforward about how much $ I had to work with and in turn, Jeff worked with me. I appreciate the fact that Inman helps take the stress off of an already stressful situation. Opposed to the many pseudo-mechanics which flood the market and prey on the uninitiated, Inman legitimately wants to help. I would recommend Inman to anyone.
Likely one of the top deli's in the entire valley. I had heard this place had a great reputation, and they definitely lived up to it. The pastrami and ruben are both amazing, even the fries are good. Plus, you just have to try their black and white cookies (I was too full and took one home). Service was brisk, pricing is reasonable, and the atmosphere is quaint, old-school. Thank god for little gems like this surviving in the "Tempe Marketplace", "Mesa Riverview" chain megatropolis we live in.
Wow, I can't believe it's been over a year since I was last here at Scott's! I got together with Robyn N., Norm R., & Mike C. for an UYE there today, & I'm happy to report that the place still "has it"! This time I enjoyed a combo that came with a (big!) half Pastrami Sandwich, a Kosher Pickle spear, a little cup of cole slaw, & a cup of soup. I upgraded to a BOWL of their great Kreplach Soup. The service was friendly, the food was great, & I still love Scott's Generations! :-)) Half Pastrami Sandwich, bowl of Kreplach Soup, Cole Slaw, pickle spear, bagel chips: $11.95
THERE IS BACON AT FRIENDS~~~~~~IT'S BEEN CONFIRMED BY THE POTB!!!!!! OMG OMG OMG! Do you want the bestest bar brunch on a Sunday morning??? You do? Well GO HERE!!! AMAZING! The staff is INCREDIBLE!,The manager is the consumate host,the price is do-able and the food.OMG the food!!! The patrons are a friendly lot and the mood is just perfect. Busy but not crazy. They start earlyish at 10 am,not sure how late it goes to,but it's the best Sunday bar brunch evar! Shit,now that I've told you people,I'll never get a seat there again... Just get there after me,k?
Had a groupon for this place so thought we would try it out...got the medium buffalo wings and they were perfect..big wings with just the right amount of sauce and kick. We ended up getting the Mediterranean pizza on the thick whole wheat crust with chicken added..was really good and huge. Great atmosphere and very clean, nice waitstaff .. Another good pizza joint in Central Phoenix.
Good spot for cheap pizza and wings. Their lunch specials are the jam. Truly a pizza heaven. ;P
the best part about Sun Cyclery is definitely the service. the guys working here are knowledgeable, friendly and pretty much amazing. they went above and beyond helping me find accessories for my vintage Schwinn and then made sure everything was put on properly. they even took the time out to look up what year my bike was born. i originally came in to replace the seat but because i have a much older bike, the shop didn't have the proper equipment needed to fit and put a new one on. instead of just saying "tough luck" and sending me on my sad and seatless way, they took extra care to explain what I needed to do and where to get it done. so if you have a bike that needs some TLC, please take it to the guys at Sun Cyclery. and if you don't have a bike, they have an awesome selection to choose from. what are you waiting for? the weather is GORGEOUS outside so let's go cruising! if all else fails, i'll let you ride on my handlebars.
Totally awesome customer service! I bought my neighbor's bike last week and wanted to accessorize it. You know, bling it out. Bedazzle it. First, though, I needed tubes. Sun was definitely the place to go. Everyone was incredibly friendly and knowledgeable. They have a huge selection of bikes. It doesn't look like it from the outside, but there have got to be a gazillion bikes up in here. I brought Dexter, of course. He was a hit, I tell ya. About a week later, it was time to get a basket. I wanted one that The Dex could fit into, so I brought him with me, again. I like places where I can take him with me. It makes the world feel like a better place. Anyway, found a big basket that I can fit Dexter into, or my laptop, whichever activity I'm about to do. The manager, Joe, told me to bring my bike in to have the basket installed. These guys are great and I'm so glad I can ride my bike around the corner to the store. I'll be a frequent shopper!
I had bought a bike from someone on Craigslist after being assured by the staff at "Bike Barn" in Phoenix that they do ship recumbents and could pack ship the Bacchetta Strada plus some extra components to me for $60 plus shipping via Fed Ex. I then never heard from them after they got my bike. I called two days later and the Manager then told me that the guy who confirmed with me was new and they don't really do that for $60, it should be more, but they would figure something out. Then they called me and said they were going to pack it all in a huge 7foot box and had determined with FedEx that it was gonna cost me $441 to San Francisco! They gave me some attitude when I said that was utterly ridiculous, given that I shipped a trike from Florida to San Francisco for $150 total. I could fly there, pick it up and fly it back for less! They were unsympathetic and downright unhelpful whe nI suggeste they pack it in two boxes and they just actually suggested I ship it via truck! I called Sun Cyclery (Bike Barn got a box from them). The difference in attitude and service was dramatic and amazing! Joe at Sun was friendly, polite and knowledgeable and said he had just shipped something similar to my bike for a LOT less than $441! He explained that Bike Barn should know better than to ship it all in one box and that two boxes were required to keep it within FedEx shipping Requirements. Joe went over and picked up the bike (after Bike Barn refused to drive it the 6 mi.) He packed it and shipped it four days earlier than promised and for $227 total! I was really impressed and grateful and would recommend Sun Cyclery to anyone wanting a bike of any sort. He even packed it securely using old inner tubes, which were inflated inside the box to keep it all snug and secure! Creative attention to detail, friendly, polite and platinum quality service is what you get from Sun. Avoid Bike Barn at all costs!
Purchased my daughters bike here, the staff was really friendly and helped find the right bike for her. Thanks cool people at S.C
Doesn't get any better than this! I don't even consider myself a big bike person but I had so much fun at this store I will probably become a regular. They have the absolute BEST customer service. They stayed a few extra minutes to wait for me to grab my bike and bring it back to get a new basket installed and while they did it I spoke with Larry - the owner - who has rocked this shop for over 35 years!!! This is EXACTLY the kind of businesses (and staffs) that enhances our communities in Phoenix. We are mighty lucky to have businesses like this! Another note, Sun Cyclery has an awesome selection of bike accessories. Have fun decking out your ride!
IM IN LOVE. i used to work at joanns and was discouraged by the high prices of fabrics. I then found SAS and was in heaven! The store is pretty organized so it's not hard to find things and for the most part the employees are extremely busy. I could spend hours in there I just wish I had something to make all the time.
I give this 5 stars cause it is what it is. A gay sports bar. Great to go on game days. Tuesdays are their busiest nights with 2 for 1. They also have some sundays that are busy becuase of the games. Drink prices are reasonable. They have 3 dart boards and 2 pool tables. Side note: They do not take credit cards on tuesdays. Bring cash or there is an ATM on site.
I absolutely love this place! Best Bloody Mary Bar on Sundays!!! Great Service, yummy food and a great place to hang out. Plus 2 for 1 drink nights! BONUS!
We were able to get a great cut of brisket here, just over 3lbs which is just what we wanted. It may look scarce when you walk in but most of the meat is kept in the back so just ask. In addition to pastrami brisket you can get corned beef brisket, chicken, and assorted other deli meats. They have have a grocer section where we were able to pick up challah rolls (mmm...challah french toast anyone?), matzo meal for latkes and my husband's favorite pickles- Ba Tampte. There are also lots of other selections ranging from candy to cous cous to egg flakes and cereals. They have a pizza place next door (which may have deli offerings as well...) called King Solomon's but Segals itself is just a pure butcher and grocer. Having grown up with kosher pizza we opted to not grab a slice because to be honest, kosher pizza isn't all that good.
I love this store! They have this, that & the I other items you didn't know that you needed! Last time I was in I found the sickest belt buckles ever.
I've been to a variety of chiropractors since being in a car accident in 2004. I've also worked with physical therapists to address painful or nagging trouble areas. Dr. Josh was the first to explain what he was doing, and why. He prescribed exercises and traction to help realign areas that I am responsible for doing at home. I go once a week to twice a month, depending on dance/exercise/housework-related injuries for adjustment. I'm feeling the healthiest and pain-free I've been in a long time. Since visiting Dr. Josh in August, I've met many people who say he's done wonders in their lives. After traction, I get adjusted on a table. Then it's ice. Whatever the trouble area its swaddled in ice. Roll on the table for 10 minutes. I appreciate the staff's attention to detail, and commitment to my health.
Excellent pizza! I ordered a 14" cheese pizza from the counter, it was ready very quickly, and it was very tasty! If you like a New York style pizza, go check out this place.
I have been coming to this place for many years now. My daughter bought me a great vacuum here one year for Christmas. It truly is a great vacuum. Every year they over a free tune up. Where they had always cleaned it up,changed the bag and made sure it was in good shape for me. Some years I had not taken it in,because I was traveling an incredible amount of time for work. So I had a cleaning service come in. Which they used their own vacuum. Last year I took it in and they kept it for 2 days and when I went to pick it up they had not changed the bag even..Hmmm,that makes me wonder if they did anything. Anyway,this time I took it in on a Saturday. The man working (who may of been the owner) said I will do it right now if you can just wait a few min. This was a first, usually I have to leave it. In a very short time he brought it out nice and clean,with a new bag and said it looked great. I bought some new bags and I was on my way. Fabulous! What a great experience. A few people came in after me. Which is even a better experience, because, he took the time to fully help me. If you are going to get an Oreck, this is the place to go.
Ohh la la! This place made me want to learn French. I went there with my bro and sis- in laws as well as my mother in law and my husband. We each brought in our own bottle of wine. I love BYOBs because you can really splurge on your food AND drink delicious wines. This place did the trick! We had the Interested Cheeses (my sis-in-law and I love cheese) and the Filet Mignon taco for starters. I can't vouch for the tacos, but I think my husband would have fought me for it. For our entrees I had the salmon which was cooked to perfection! I even ended up eating off other plates with salmon after they were full I loved it so much! My husband loved the Filet Mignon as well. I do think it was here where he discovered he really did like salmon. Of course, we had to have dessert, too! We got the chocolate mocha and the four berry tartes. Even if you are full, get a tarte to go! I really want to go back to try the farfalle..Maybe this weekend?? I guess it is good for groups but call ahead. Its a tight squeeze!
My parents were in town a few weeks ago, and when my parents are in town, we like to take them to restaurants that they've never been to before. My dad appreciates good food, and we had a feeling he'd like Coup Des Tartes, so that's where we found ourselves on that particular Saturday night. We brought the wine (a bottle of red and a bottle of white) and my parents picked up the tab... such a deal! We were seated in the back room - one I'd never even seen before... there was just our table and three other tables in the little room. I convinced my mom to share the signature salad with me to start... and although Jared asked my dad to share the onion tart as an appetizer, my dad insisted on ordering his own. (It worked out though, so I was able to take a few bites of the tart too). For our meals, my mom and Jared went with the chicken, I had the salmon, and my dad went for the steak. My fish was cooked just perfectly and served with an amazing butternut squash risotto and some green beans too. Everyone enjoyed their meals and despite the fact that we were all pretty full, we went ahead and ordered the mixed berry tart with four forks for dessert. We cleaned that plate too. Needless to say, we were right about my dad enjoying his meal at Coup Des Tartes. We've always had great meals at Coup Des Tartes and we're sure to be back again real soon.
My parents took me here to celebrate my college graduation, and had they taken me here BEFORE they got me a present, there would have been no need.....This was place AMAZING! I love the atmosphere of the small house. This is a huge part of its charm. The staff was kind, and friendly, and very personable. They unexpectedly brought out a desert for me with a "Congratulations Graduate" inscribed with chocolate sauce (bonus!) on the outer rim of the plate. The service alone would make me come back. But the food. OH. MY. GOD. the FOOD! I had no expectations going to this restaurant, as i had no idea what it was, or that we were even going until an hour before i arrived. I had no time to do research, and i trust my parents palate to have chosen a sufficient place for dinner. (they did pretty good being from Texas, thanks to you yelpers!) What we ordered: To start: the Brie Brulee--INCREDIBLE Three Onion Tart--from the one bite i was able to sneak in from my dad (who fell in love at first taste) it was delicious I had the Salmon, which was wonderful. Flaky, and moist, and the creme sauce was devine. I don't think i expected it to be as heavy as the dish was, but even so...wonderful. I would probably have enjoyed it more if it were cold outside. My dad ordered the lamb shank, and it was falling off the bone. I had never had lamb until that day, and i'm glad my first time was at Coup Des Tartes! It was savory, and succulent, and with the vegetables it came with, reminded me of a stew. My mom had the Pasta, and it was just right! Very light and flavorful, which paired well with the wine we brought. My brother ordered the Chicken, and while it was one of the "simpler" dishes, it was the best tasting of them all. The execution from start to finish is something that will not go unmentioned when i recommend this little gem. Keep up the great work! I can't wait to come back!
We've been back a couple times more since and both times we've gotten the cheese platter. Its a little pricey at $18 but I would highly recommend it. Last night we tried the halibut and the salmon. Both were absolutely delicious and cooked perfectly. I love the flavor combinations. We had the lemon tarte to finish and once again was fully impressed. As pricey as the menu seems, if you want to be impressed with food that really amazes pretty consistently, its worth it every time.
Honest, honest, honest. Best way to describe Scott! What a treat to know you can trust a business. I hired Scott to add some tile to my home. He arrived at my home and after assessing the situation, told me not to proceed. He could have so easily taken my money. His honesty cost him a sale but as soon as I need any flooring done, I will call Scott again! Call Scott's flooring with full confidence!
We went there because of the ridiculous stuff that they had outside their building, and the inside was no different. But it was fun to go to. It's known for their hot wings, but the burgers that we ordered were amazing! Also the wings were drenched in sauce and tasted really good as well. It was a fun place to eat at, definitely recommend it for the wings and burgers.
I agree with the previous 24 reviewers. This place can't be beat, and honestly, I don't live in AZ anymore, so I can't even come here !! Boo-hoo. I thought that when I moved to Los Angeles, I could certainly find equal to, if not better, but that isn't the case, and I pine for this place everytime I walk into the place I now have to use. They are always out of things I want/need, they charge more, and their quality on the food products is much less. I so miss this place.
After arriving in az 2 years ago, I found ABC Cake Arts! They have been very helpful upon every visit. The staff have always been full of advice, and so helpful. They have been willing to do many special orders to help meet my need. Sue Jacobs Cakes has only the highest regard for this business!
Absolutely MUST-GO for anything cake, cookie, cupcake related. Went to five stores prior looking for the perfect cookie cutter. Should have started here first because I hit the jackpot! AH-MAZING! Plus the staff was ever so helpful with products and questions. Definitely recommend, and I'll be going back.
For a great haircut I highly recommend Marina or Suzie, they are the best. Marina has been cutting my hair for years and she always knows what to do. A couple of times when Marina wasn't there Suzie cut my hair, and she is also great!
loved this place! went during a vacation with my boyfriend .. girl was really sweet . try the p90! freakin' amazing
Great Service!!! I needed some items printed for a baby shower so I emailed a pdf file to them. When I arrived with my card stock they had my email opened and promptly printed the items while I shopped in the store for a few more things. Printing was perfect and fast. The customer service clerk Tina was so gracious on the phone and in person. Thank You for making this very easy for me.
Texaz Grill is where I go when I want an authentic Texas experience. It is not fine dining, but it is straight out of a small town Texas Cafe complete with Shiner Bock and Blue Bell Ice cream. The first time I walked in the door, I knew I was in an authentic Texas restaurant because they had a picture of Hondo Crouch on the wall. Definitely a spot for Carnivores, any vegetarian will be very underfed (and perhaps alarmed at the conspicuous consumption of meat) It is Chicken Fried steak, mashed potatoes and gravy heaven.
I have been going to this restaurant for years, even before it was Texaz when it used to be known as Lonestar. They have been in the valley for YEARS and I can understand why. Their food is simple and DELICIOUS. Their chicken fried steak is huge and I cannot even begin to describe the flavor. Their steaks are always perfectly cooked perfection and I always leave feeling full and satisfied. If you're looking for a casual night out with delicious steak and potatoes I would recommend this place. It's also fun to see what they've got on their walls as the place is packed with fun trinkets.
They don't make steakhouses like this anymore, fitting because you can't find this food anywhere else but TEXAZ Grill on 16th st and Bethany. Sure the parking lot is tiny and the original 70/80's decor is now full cycle into hip retro territory but by all that is righteous and proper in this world their CHICKEN FRIED STEAK and CHICKEN FRIED CHICKEN (yup, fried chicken breasts) is mind numbingly delicious. This place is a must have for any true local Phoenician. Leave your ego at the door, they don't care. Comfortable and better than home. Good for the whole family or yourself looking for a meal.
What great food...had been wanting to visit this restaurant and I was not disappointed. Food was awesome and service was top notch. My daughter was given some candy and a toy to play with. Nice personal touch.
This has been on my AZ bucket list for years and decided to drop by tonight for dinner with the family. From chatting it up with some of the regulars, to the "Texas Trivia" with the owner at our table. The food and the vibe here were absolutely wonderful. Will definitely be back again and again!
Came here one night after dinner at Durant's. COMPLETELY different scenes but this place is fun. Great service and cheap drinks. If you're looking for a high-class joint; this def aint your place-but if a chill neighborhood bar is what you're after, I highly recommend it.
Great cheap burgers Fantastic people watching Sit at the bar to watch them cook and to mingle with the crazy regulars Game room with pool table and pin bowling. Great place to watch a game Get grilled onions on your burger
Some people go to McDonalds at midnight after a night out. But I make my way to the best juke box joint with the best burgers in town! Stupid good!
Incredible burger, good happy hour prices, and the NFL network? All within walking distance of my apartment? What did I do to get so lucky?!
I really enjoy Moto's Happy Hour. What makes it great is you can get non-sushi items at Happy Hour in addition to sushi. This is a good compromise when you are going with someone who isn't wild about sushi. They do only offer 4 rolls during the Happy (Kalifornia, Tootsie, Philadelphia and Spicy Tuna) but all four are fresh and delicious. We also tried the asian nachos which we both thought were amazing! They are made with friend wontons some kind of spicy cheese, chicken and avocado. (I'm sure there was more on it but we ate it so fast there wasn't time for much research.) You can't beat the Happy hour prices! For 2 people we had a total of 3 beers, 3 orders of sushi and a small asian nacho and it came to $24. One big improvement over last time was the service was much faster. This place is good for dinner and the AYCE Sushi on Saturdays, but for a first timer I would really recommend the Happy Hour over anything else.
Very yummy, my favorite roll is the Las vegas, and here they make a good one and it's 1/2 off during happy hour. I keep meaning to come for the all you can eat sushi! Try the Ice Cream sushi roll, this is one of the only places I know that does it and it is delicious!
Papa Trans Riblets are to die for! Moist, flavorful, get me a side of rice and ranch dipping sauce and I'm in heaven! If I could eat these for breakfast lunch and dinner I would, we drive 55 miles to eat these bad boys! Hint: order the large size and don't share because seriously even if your full you can still eat more! My mouth is watering now for Papa Trans Riblets! Ok gotta go !
The staff here is very fast, efficient, and friendly and Shawn, the Manager is friendly and professional. This is my favorite Starbucks!
I love, love, love this place! If I had lots of money to spend I would have my whole house done in world market products! All their products are so unique! The layout is very nice and the people are super friendly and helpful! I just have to say it once more I love this place and could spend hours here.
Love this location! The employees listen, are great with their knowledge and are more than helpful in getting in what you need. I had a reward points thing and I kept going back to the same lady three times in one visit. She was very nice and helped me find what I was looking for.
I graduated from college yesterday and wanted to look very nice but I am clueless when it comes to make up. I went to Ulta and asked for some help and two ladies totally went above and beyond. They did such a great job on my make up, I didn't know I could look so good. They didn't just put on the make up but explained to me how and why they did everything. I walked out of that Ulta a new woman feeling beautiful and everyone at my graduation was so surprised how good I looked. I am forever grateful and it was even expensive :)
I think Luke's is great. Best Italian beef I've had in the valley. I moved here from Chicago about 4 years ago and although I haven't been on a mad hunt the whole time, I have had some disappointing beefs. Luke's is by far the best I've had. I think the best value is to buy a pound of beef and peppers from Luke's and cook it at home. You have to buy your own bread, I like sub rolls. The preparation is easy; just simmer in a pot on real low heat. Then you can make em as juicy and messy, or dry as you like. I find buying a pound will feed 3-4 and it's cheaper. I haven't had anything else there.
Holy crap. I can't believe I'm saying this but their Italian Beef is better than the Chicago Hamburger Company, and if you are a west sider, then I'll tell you it is better than Fuzzy's of Chicago also. That is a seriously strong statement and I am shaking my head in disbelief while writing it, just like I was shaking my head in disbelief while eating it. Did I say holy crap!? HOLY CRAP its good. The beef is wonderfully tender and juicy. So juicy in fact they don't even serve it with au jus, but they do have it on hand if requested. I recommend you ask for a side. Save some for me though! My only very minor statement is that I like the hot pepper mix at my other two spots better, but the beef... OH the BEEF makes up for this tiny shortcoming. I can't wait to go back.... and back... and back.
Great place to eat and the service is unbelievable. My wife and son live to eat here. The bugers are awesome. Everybody should have burgers and fries for breakfast
Great place to take the kids for a treat. A zillion kind of milkshakes :) I love the deep fried pickles and the sliders are good too. Great place for a burger and to look at memorabilia.
I visit this place quite often to stock my Catalina Saltwater and Freshwater RO supplies since they have the best prices in the city. The staff are sooooo awesome, are very helpful and knowlwdable. I believe it's family owned and operated. What sets this part from other fish stores is the cleanliness and the customer experience. From the moment you walk in you feel invited, not afraid to ask questions and look around. The saltwater livestock is an okay selection but best of all are very healthy and come with a guarantee. I will continue to frequent this store!
Jenny loves smiles! And it shows! First of all, the coffee was hot, and I mean hot! But, let's be honest, it is supposed to be! The bagel was very good, perfectly toasted, and when I asked if I could order an extra side of veggie schmear, she said "absolutely"! (free of charge!) The customer service was excellent, the restaurant was clean, and Jenny-you are very good at your job, it shows through all of your employees. Keep up the great work!
Great food and great staff! Our waitress was awesome, checked in when we needed her but didnt hound the table. The manager and gm checked with us as well. I reccomend the bacon cheddar mashed potatoes!
I went to Lone Star tonight with my friends,for our birthdays. I have been here and the location that closed by the 1-17 many times. I always loved it. Tonight we loved it even more. From the moments we walked in we were greeted with wonderful sincere smiles. We were given a fabulous booth with a lovely girl named Desiree. She brought our drinks right away and took our order with no delay. She even asked if we had questions about the menu or anything else. Which my friend did and she knew all the answers. How wonderful to get such great service! She continually filled our drinks and we did not have to ask. x x x x x... We also had a visit from the lovely Kera, the manager at Lone Star. She wanted to make sure our visit was perfect,which it was. She was wonderful and pleasant to speak to. The meals were wonderful, and cooked to perfection. We even had appetizers ,they too were fabulous! The end of dinner we were given 2 full size desserts as it was our Birthdays, and they were divine!! Thank you Lone Star for a lovely evening! Ampule parking in the lot as well.
Hatch Chilies... just the thought of them, make my mouth water. No one, and I mean no one does hatch chilies like Arriba Mexican Grill. Every Sunday the haul out the fire roaster and roast chilies all day long. You can buy them $5 a pound. Now, on to the dishes... there are so many, I wont list them. My favorite is the Hatch Chicken Especial. It is just the right mixture of cheese, beef and hatch, served in a mini pyrex with rolled flour tortillas and your choice of rice and beans. Unlike Renee A., I like to go on Sundays because I bypass the seating line, and go straight to the bar. No kids, and a great brunch menu.
Okay, I just finished breakfast and My morning chores, thought I'd finish the review I started on Saturday. first though I want to tell Y'all how great breakfast was, then again, maybe not. You see I have a little secret, You know how to keep a secret? You are all My closest Yelp friends, no?! Well right now for a mere $1.99 a lb @ Arriba's, You can take home the (World Famous) Hatch Chile's They're known for. Okay the only, drawback, They're like freshly caught Trout (You gut and peel them Yourself). The flavour though is worth every moment of prep, and Huevos Rancheros for breakfast, mmm.... P.S. They're Freshly Roasted, for easy peeling. ...and Tatiana, that Spicy MiddleEast inspired, "Curried BourbonLimeChicken with Chiles" I made for ArabianNights that You and Your Man were lovin'. Yeah these Chile's....
Love this place. I hit it about once a month to avoid giving all my hard earned $$ to big shops like Bass Pro, etc. There's plenty of high end gear, and a pretty good selection of terminal and soft baits. The best thing about this shop is the old school vibe. There are usually a few older guys sitting up front, (not employees) reading newspapers, talking trash, etc. Kind of a barber shop deal. Also, if you want some help, and an almost guaranteed laugh, ask Jeep for help. The dude totally knows his fishing, and he's got a wry sense of humor, which he never fails to break out on me. Also, when he's ringing up my items, he nonchalantly knocks 10-15% off of everything I'm buying, which doesn't suck at all. Great local business, great people, totally legit. Can't believe there aren't more reviews on here. 5 stars. Time to go fishing now....
I hadn't been to PCG in years, and had actually forgotten it was there with all the good restaurants in this area. So when we didn't want to wait 45 min to get into Richardson's, we crossed the street and had dinner at Phoenix City Grill. We were seated right away. Service was good. I love the ambiance and decor of this place. Great for a date night, yet still casual dining. Wine list was good. I can't say much for the food because I always order the same thing, which is awesome - PCG chicken pasta. Good stuff. Can't wait to go back and hang out in the lounge for happy hour soon. Looks like fun.
This place is just a few blocks down the street from me. Yet, in three years, I've only eaten four times. Perhaps it's because whenever I go, I see more people in their 50s and up so I don't think of it as a place where urban hipsters hang out. But I have to say, it seems to grow on me every time I eat there. The most recent trip was for Mother's Day brunch. After looking at various Phoenix eateries' menus to decide where to take my mom, I knew the Grille was it. Their brunch menu is quite a few steps above and for the prices, a great culinary investment. I had the griddled corn cakes (mmmm....) and you get a choice of meat. So I had diced smoked ham hidden in between them. It came with black beans and cheese, potatoes and maple syrup. Mom had short rib with a poached, breaded egg on top and a tangy red onion relish. The egg was a gem and the breading wasn't incredibly greasy. To top it off, they were giving moms a carnation flower. Nice touch. As for dinner, I highly recommend the pot roast. And I don't know anywhere else that serves up their quinoa and goat cheese cakes (what a yummy combo). And they do try to buy locally when they can. It's a great restaurant in a location that's never too packed with traffic. And the staff has always been courteous. It's really becoming one of my favorite go-to places. I'm surprised it's not plugged more in local dining guides.
A neighborhood favorite of mine....have enjoyed a visit for dinner or brunch for years. Highlights- -Quiet atmosphere -extensive beer and wine list -great appetizers---bacon wrapped shrimp, crab cakes and skewers among my favorites -favorite entrees include port tenderloin, various pasta dishes -tortilla soup -love the bread pudding for desert -great service
I've noticed that as my solidly senior parents get older their taste in food gets pickier. Due to this, every time I decide to treat them to a meal, I really have to put a ton of thought into it. I've struck out many times, but hit one out of the field with Phoenix City Grille. Goat cheese toasts started the show. The cheese was delicious, with the sun dried tomatoes really giving some depth Entrees ordered were the pot roast, pasta and an amazing porkchop special. The pot roast was exactly what I craved, dare I say needed. It took all the self control I could muster to save some for leftovers (Pot roast sandwich the next day, of course). The chop was devoured in a frenzy by my normally mellow dad, while my mom eagerly sopped up the pasta sauce. I still tend to over think meal planning with the family, thankfully Phoenix City Grille has given me a solid option.
I just have to add that the owners here really know the definition of good customer service. A month ago, I took out-of-town guests for Sunday brunch. Part of the reason I chose City Grille was because they had a promotion where you could get a free appetizer for checking in on a Smart phone. All you had to do was show your server. Well, my server, no matter how nicely I approached the matter, kept insisting that deal was only for people who brought a print-out of an email--even after I showed her on my phone what their own restaurant's Facebook page stated! She just shrugged and said "Well nobody explained it to me." I don't fault her if nobody told her. But I do fault her for not even bothering to say anything like, "I don't know anything about that but let me go check with a manager" after I showed proof. It wasn't even the appetizer but the principle of the matter. I left a comment on the restaurant's Facebook page--very diplomatic, not with any self-entitled overtones. Their social media person asked me to email him directly outlining what happened. Less than two days later, he wrote me, with the owner copied in, apologizing and offering to send me a gift certificate for dinner for two! This update is not to say "Woohoo! I got a free meal." It's just an appreciation for when a restaurant is willing to own up to a mistake and try to make up for it. It also sounds like because of me, they will remember to make sure all servers are aware of promotions like that. And when I did go back for my free meal, that same server was there, lol. Luckily I had another server who was a lot warmer and approachable.
This has been a staple since I moved to Phoenix and has never disappointed. From the service, which is always informative, patient (and kind, as my dining companion is always ponderous over the menu) and thorough. No detail is left out. The food is consistent, flavorful and diverse. Best black bean soup in town! I recently revisited after a brief hiatus and discovered, to my delight, their Wedge salad that I donned with beef tenderloin. It easily disappeared in record time. I only stopped to take sips of my filthy vodka martini. I am always reminded that this place can fit any occasion, from a romantic dinner to a night out with friends. They are always eager to accommodate! Brunch is nice and mellow as well. If you're ever looking for a neighborhood staple, this should be in your rotation.
Phoenix City Grille is one of our favorite restaurants. They just received glowing praise from Check Please on Chanel 8. They deserve every one of the complements they received in by the reviewers! Click the link to see the video review. http://www.azpbs.org/checkplease/segments/restaurant.php?id=5441&utm_source=January+25th&utm_campaign=Check+Please!&utm_medium=socialshare
Corn cakes. Yum.
I've lived in Phoenix since 1997 and finally got to Phoenix City Grille. Great food, great atmosphere and service.
Dr, Schneider is so personable. I loved how honest he was about my treatment. I had a filling and will need a new crown soon. I will definitely be going back to him. The staff is very friendly as well!!
Earlier this week, I came back to my parked car and it had left me a nice present in the form of an anti-freeze puddle on the ground (in other words, my car was heavily leaking green liquid) -_- Me being still relatively new to Phoenix, I didn't know where to turn to first. So of course, I turned to Yelp. I read all of the good reviews on here and was willing to give these guys a shot, much to the dismay of my father who said I should have went to the dealership. Plus, they were able to take me in on such short notice, and I support small business. The price they quoted me to replace my leaking Water Pump Hose was well under what i expected, and they were able to finish it rather quickly. I was late to work still, but for being a walk in customer, a half hour late to work was well worth it. The shop was clean, people were friendly, I didn't feel pressured at all, and no one tried to upsell me (I'm in sales, its quite annoying). Excellent, Professional work environment I got my car fixed on a Monday. It's Friday today, and I open my mail box to see a hand written Thank You post card from these guys saying they appreciate my business. Never have I ever received a post card from ANY company, let alone an Auto Shop saying thank you. Normally, I'm not one for the cheesy and fake customer service routines, but this was real and genuine. I will definitely be coming back for all my maintenance needs, and i would highly recommend them to anyone
Staff is very friendly and always on point! Not to mention... Some really cute guys working behind the counter... Just sayin!
Why have I wasted all these years at great clips when this place existed? I am a new loyal customer
Nathan has been cutting my hair now for over and 2 years. Perfect cut every time and I don't even have to tell him how to cut it each time he just remembers. The best barber I have ever had. Just a joy to see him in the shop. I am moving about 20 miles from the shop, but I will still come back to Nathan. He is my Barber.
Sophie B. has me very confused: You can get a sandwich & a drink for like under $10 bucks @ the Duck. All the sandwiches are handmade right in front of your very face -- any time a restaurant prepares the food where the whole wide world can watch them do it tells me they're proud of their work & their food. And they should be -- it's great! They even have each pickle wedge individually wrapped in foil -- take as many as you want (within reason). :-) I've been a customer of the Duck since long before most of you moved to Phoenix. Consistency -- nice people, excellent food, reasonable prices, wide selections of wines & soft drinks, seating indoors - outdoors - upstairs. No worries - The Duck is always good.
I really had no idea what I was getting myself into when I went to Duck and Decanter. I'd seen the sign as I would drive south on the 51 and think "I like duck, and I REALLY like wine. This place would be perfect for me!" As it turns out, I wasn't quite wrong, but it was not at all what I expected. The Duck and Decanter is a strange blend of deli, gourmet food and kitchen wares store, as well as wine shop. It all comes together in a fun and eclectic building set far back from the street and the rest of the shops in the area. You definitely feel, as you enter the candlelit courtyard beneath an enormous old tree, that the world outside does get a little more muffled than it really should be. Wandering bemusedly through the tiny shop behind the courtyard, I was really struck by how unique this place felt in Phoenix. Care is obviously put into not only the choice of wares being sold here, but the quality of food presented to the customer. When I finally got around to the deli counter, I was about to order their specialty duck sandwich when I saw they had a reuben. As I find it hard to turn down a reuben anywhere, I asked the woman behind the counter what she advised. Without hesitation she said, "The reuben." Just as I had hoped and I'm glad I listened. The sandwich was excellent. Perfectly proportioned and fresh as possible without going backwards in time. Making a good sandwich really is an art and the workers here are masterful as their craft. Sitting outside at night with a wonderful sandwich in this strangely out of place shop is an opportunity not to be missed. But take care to go there when you have some time to really savor the place. Like the wine, there's much to enjoy here and it'd be a shame to miss any of it.
This is no ordinary deli. My mom and my grandfather & I used to have lunch here all the time when I was a little girl. I'm glad to see that it's still the same and just as good as I remember it to be. It has a certain homey feeling to it. The sandwiches are amazing! The smoked turkey is still my favorite. The outside patio is the best place to enjoy your lunch when the weather is lovely. This is a real Phoenix treasure. You need to try it. Enough said.
During my recent trip to Phoenix, without a doubt my favorite find was Duck and Decanter. I discovered them while searching for a breakfast option one morning. I actually had a hard time finding them at first. They're located by the parking garage in the SE corner of a plaza that is on the SE corner of E Camelback Rd and N 16th St. Overwhelming amount of directional abbreviations aside, if you manage to find this gem, you will not be disappointed. I stopped here twice during my Phoenix visit. I had the breakfast burrito with egg, cheddar chz and black forest bacon for breakfast one morning. It was pretty good. Adding their salsa is really what increased the flavor and brought it up a notch. On another day, we stopped in for lunch and had the marinated roasted chicken sandwich on sourdough bread. This was a game changer. The fresh, delicious roasted chicken was so good. It tasted like something your mom would make for you if she really loved you. Yeah, that's right mom, I'm calling you out. This is the sandwich I needed growing up. Not bologna and processed cheese. We can still salvage this relationship. Balls in your court lady. The food here was great but they're also a specialty store. They have an assortment of greatness throughout. Barrels of coffee beans, containers of different teas, wine, cheeses, beer, different kinds of oils, all kinds of stuff. There's seating all over, including outside, but I chose the upstairs loft both times. It was relaxing and there are giant photos of AZ wildlife all around upstairs too... I like animals... and free WiFi. Yup, they have free Wifi. I love you D&D!!! *In a hushed voice* -- Psst, Mom, I love you too. I was just trying to be a big man in front of my friends. Your sandwiches are great.
The Duck and Decanter is THE place for a sandwich or a glass of wine. Great food and wine selections. I am not a beer drinker myself, but friends tell me that the beer selection is also stellar. Staff is always friendly. Can't wait for the summer to be over and to enjoy a leisurely afternoon on their patio again.
I have been going to Duck and Decanter for 18 years. My mom even went there as a little girl when it was part of a plant nursery. It is still amazing! They will make sandwiches however you want them, and the ingredients are always super fresh. They have lots of cozy, private places to sit inside and outside. For me, it is an Arizona landmark. I drive here 45 minutes each way about once a month just to enjoy the good eats and atmosphere with my friends.
What? There's something on the northside of Phoenix that reminds me of Brooklyn? After spending every weekday for several months last summer working out of Greenpoint in Brooklyn, I had gotten used to seeing signs in Polish and eating Polish foods and shopping in Polish grocery stores. I was surprised to walk in to Europa and say "Czesc!" (hello) to the girl behind the counter and get one back! 5 stars because a) this is an unexpected find and b) they carry authentic Polish brands and foods, not the German stuff with Polish labels and c) I got great service. There's a ton of pastries here and Krakowska ham and my favorite- gypsy bacon. I've only so far had some cold cuts (which were excellent) but I will be back for some sauerkraut, some pierogi and for lunch sometime as well. It's really great to find these foods in Phoenix.
Delicious pastries and Polish dishes. They always have speciality seasonal baked goods. This small family owned bakery/store is consistently great.
Disclosure: not a runner. Have bad knees. But I walk a lot, and do aerobics, and I've been even doing a BOOT CAMP lately... and needed some better shoes. I had great service, very personalized - they know what they're doing with your feet here! I also got some great SOCKS, so comfy! I might start running now!
The Running Den is really a great place to find any running accessories. Prior to the Running Den, I had trouble finding a shoe that fit well, however, the incredible staff helped me find the perfect shoe with different tests. The staff is what makes this store so unique, they offer great advice since most of them are runners themselves.
I love, love, love this place. The service is always wonderful, the food is consistently delicious, and my husband loves the BollyWood videos. How can you go wrong?
My friend and I decided last minute that we wanted to go out to eat last night instead of staying in. Since it was a holiday we didn't want to try our luck at any of the restaurants nearby so we headed over to Flavors of India which is right down the street. The place was a lot cuter and nicer inside than expected. We were seated right away at a large booth and the hostess gave me a rose for the holiday. They had a special of a large plate of grilled meats for $13.95 which our waiter said was enough for 2. So we split that and also ordered our usuals, Paneek Pakor and Naan. Our waiter also suggested Indian Beer, and I can't remember the name of it, but it was very good. The food was all very, very good. The naan was much better than the other Indian restaurant we frequent. I can't wait to go back to try my favorites (butter chicken and tikka masala) although everything they had looked so, so good. I was really impressed overall and I love supporting local businesses like this one.
There are a few dive bars in Phoenix that turn me on... Central Phoenix to be specific... THIS IS ONE OF THEM !!! It's comfortable, there are pretty people and there are ugly people. The bartenders remember my drinks, and well, I think I get heavy pours because I rarely have more then 2-3 drinks and always leave pleasantly buzzed. YAY SWIZZLE !!
I had a great experience at Burland. After reading the other reviews on Yelp, I decided to give them a shot. I took my watch in for repair, and within minutes the battery had been replaced and it was as good as new. They also cleaned my wedding ring while I waited. If you are a fan of supporting family-run businesses, this is your jeweler. Great service, great place. I will definitely be back!
I needed a replacement watch battery for a movado watch and had limited time before businesses were closing. Called around and was getting ridiculous quotes of more than $50. Called burland and they welcomed me and fixed my battery in less than 10 minutes & less than $10. They were very friendly to top it all off. Roommate needs to get a watch fixed and I'm definitely referring him here. Thanks
Great prices for what they have. I love this store. Got my engagement ring and wedding rings here. They have less-pricey stuff too! Employees are super nice.
Went to Burland searching for an engagement ring after reading reviews and searching the internet. I was looking for a family run place and this definitely fit that description. Nothing fancy, but good people and good selection. Mark did an excellent job helping me and went to the extra effort of ordering some diamonds in that they didn't have in stock that fit my criteria. I ultimately ended up buying from another jeweler based on a better diamond fit and their customization, but I would certainly go back to Burland in the future and highly recommend you at least check them out if you are looking for a ring or other jewelry.
Wow! I just got back from Burland, where I took my watch (a cheap one, not purchased from them) to have a couple links removed. A gentleman did so, plus set the time as it was incorrect, and then didn't charge me. I chatted with another gentleman who worked there while I waited (for 10 minutes, MAYBE) who was friendly and told me about the store without any sales pitches. Upon learning that I like to golf, he said "Hang on!", went in the back and emerged with a box of golf balls, which he gave to me for free, even though I was already receiving a free service. Not to mention, their incredible customer service is not to make up for a lack of quality products. They have a beautiful selection, and they also design unique jewelry in-store. I will certainly be back.
Wow! Never thought it would be so easy to purchase wedding bands. Very impressive service and prices. Went to Tiffany and other jewelers and found it astonishing how much they overprice their jewelry. I worked with the dad and one of his sons and granddaughter. All so intelligent, pleasant and honest.
Fantastic customer service. First of all, the place is kid- and dog-friendly....a huge bonus. When I came in, they cleaned and adjusted the prongs on an antique ring for free, sent me home with cleaners and polishing clothes (also free), gave my kids ring pops and helped my mom and I figure out what to do with an heirloom ring someday down the road when we decide to split up the stones. All told, my mom bought a $10 cleaner - that's it - and we got treated like old friends. No sales pitches, no pressure, nothing but genuine friendliness. I will definitely go back here for all my jewelry needs.
A first impression of this modest, stand-alone, building just east of 16th street is likely to be misleading. Dyna-Tronics is the "go to" place when your prized amplifier or flat screen t.v. head south. I found Dyna-Tronics when my four-months-out-of-warranty Sharp Aquos flat screen lost its sound. Turns out that the Aquos, the top end of Sharp's LCD flat screens, is prone to this problem. At the suggestion of Dyna-Tronics I called Sharp to see if they'd honor the repair, but, no, they were entirely unhelpful. Fortunately for me, that wasn't the case with Dyna-Tronics, who fixed my t.v. for a relatively modest amount and in time for the super bowl to boot. The staff here are informed and helpful and there is a decent selection of old electrons for the true audiophile.
Holidays Items are in. This years new treat, Drago Antico Pandolce Genovese Panettone of Genoa 1 Kilo Old Genoa's Cake $25.95 a crumb style Holiday Bread/Cake. The Pannetones are all incredible especially Fig & Dark Chocolate Panettone from Colavolpe Approx $50.00 combination of sweet baked figs and dark chocolate. Also, bought the homemade circular Egg Bread for the first time which was great toasted.
Niccoli's has the best cannoli I have ever had. Made fresh while I waited. Heavenly. This will spoil you for anything less.This is what they're supposed to taste like.
This place really makes me miss living in Phoenix. Sure, it's not your average upscale Biltmore place, and the atmosphere is definitely relaxed and dive-y, but if that's what you like then the 'Dillo is great. Drinks are way cheap, bartenders are very friendly and remember you, cheap pool, and I'm sorry, but I absolutely love their fried pickles (they're only $3 after 11!). What more could a girl ask for?
We went into Armadillo Grill for lunch and to watch football. I was very impressed with the atmosphere and food. We had drinks, appetizers, and entrees. Everything was phenomenal. We loved the mozzarella bites. This is one of the few bars I have been to that also has horse racing. Really good time!
Best fried pickles - get them Cajun style- and Louisiana Cajun shrimp appetizer....every time I go here I get these two things and service has always been fine and the food has always tasted great...zero complaints!
Unlike most eateries in Phoenix where often I take on a "willfully blind" approach to service/ambiance,etc, I actually felt as though I was not in Phoenix the moment I arrived in this dark toned jewel of a restaurant. Simply put, the dining experience exceeded any expectations I had for the evening. Gorgeous stemware perfectly complimented a very understated and meticulously considered wine list. Upon the arrival of my main course, I suffered through slobber fits while awaiting the rest of the tables food (momentary wait). The Surf n Turf (dungeness crab enchiladas, bacon wrapped jumbo prawns, delicious mashed potatoes, and perfectly cooked piece of beef - $29) - was served on girthy plates framed by an artfully presented dish. Healthy portions, overflowing flavor and subtly attentive service catapulted the Rokerij to the top of my Valley favorites. If a single dining experience could suggest of more delectably similar experiences to come, this was it! Every meal at the table was equally as well received as mine and I don't think you'll find a better salad than the Rokerij concoction we partook in prior to the main course...simply put, a superlative dining experience from start to finish! I can't wait to return for their "small plate" and $7 glass of wine happy hour.
Poo poo on all the naysayers. Rokerij is bad ass, which is why it is always wicked crowded. The ambiance is a teeny bit cowboy, some rustic Flagstaff, some Old-world European, and ALL sexy - grotto staircase leading to dim and plush with roaring fireplaces scattered about. The menu is diverse - plenty of funk and weirdness for the more adventuresome, but some more traditional favorites for your conservative friends. All I care about is that they still make me my beloved veggie quesadillas, bursting with roasted broccolini and corn and filled with just the right amount of cheese, served on a wooden cutting board with two kinds of fresh, flavorful, and just-enough-spicy salsa. It's so good, it keeps me from trying the small plates, which sound scrumptious. I'm not sure where all the bitching and moaning about the service come from. Our last visit here was on a packed and swinging Saturday night where we had to wait an hour for a table. Our server was prompt, attentive, and competent, although some odd comments ("What a good looking table! Are you brother and sister?") left us scratching our heads. The crowd is entertaining as well, although I don't think you'd find me scrounging around for a date. Lots of cougars and cougars-in-training with flashy jewelry and spray on tans. Despite this potentially stiff crowd, the place was lively and everyone seemed to be having a perfectly good time. The crowd may overlap somewhat with the 40th St/Campbell BMW- and Range Rover-driving MILF yuppie sect, but somehow it all seems a lot less pretentious here. The word is that the neighboring DQ is going to be torn down to make room for the rebirthed Richardson's. Woo! Between Rokerij and Richardson's, this corner is going to rival 40th St & Campbell. I can't wait!
Tapas are phenomenal here! Defintely go during happy hour (every day 4-6pm) and sit at the bar. We've gone about 4 times now. It was recommended by my friend who's local here when I first moved, and I like taking whoever visits me here. We've only had small plates and I think I've liked all of them. My top faves are: shrimp scampi with dirty rice, blue crab tostada, beef tenderloin toasts, jumbo shrimp (or scallops) wrapped in bacon, and ahi. The ones that were ok were the ceviche, stuffed mushrooms, and sliders, probably bc I've better elsewhere. Last time we went, the guy next to me ordered 3 portions of the bacon wrapped shrimp. That's a lot of bacon! But it's that good =)
If you're never been to the Rokerij in North Central Phoenix, you're missing out. The tiny restaurant is housed in, literally, a cool old stone house. I hadn't been for a year or so and ventured over last weekend to visit their bar, which, it should be noted, is actually underneath the restaurant (read: basement bar; yes, I know finding a basement in Arizona is rare). The atmosphere couldn't be more charming - picture dark and cozy, a long bar, several couches, and a crackling fireplace with leather armchairs. Now to the best part - half off wine bottles on Sundays. For all of you wine lovers out there, you know that scoring a bottle for half price is a treat. To make things even better, there wasn't a bottle on the basic wine list over $50, meaning that you can buy a great bottle for less than the cost of a cheap pair of heels. Let's consider the options here - a pair of cheap shoes that will inevitably hurt and be worn twice, or a bottle of wine? Clearly the wine is the best choice. It should also be noted that the half off applies to the reserve wine list, another unusual perk of this hidden treasure. The fabulous wine discounts are made even better by the Rokerij's $5 small plates. These are slightly larger than standard tapas, and you'll find everything from sweet and sour short ribs and bacon wrapped scallops to my favorite, king crab tostada bites. Order a few to share - you're sure to find something on their rather extensive menu of choices. The bartenders were friendly and knowledgeable, making a few recommendations and chatting as appropriate, but not excessively. This is truly a great local hang out. I made a note to myself, upon leaving, that I needed to head back sooner rather than later. I've been thinking about it all week, so perhaps another Sunday evening Rokerij adventure is on the horizon!
My friend and great dinner companion visited Rokerij and was I in for an unexpected wonderful night of food. I heard about this place but never really believed the food was this delicious. We ordered and shared best of two worlds: the porterhouse steak with mashed potatoes and roasted eggplant and the swordfish with the green chile sweet potato and broccolini. With Sunday night's half off bottle of wine, this is a great Sunday dinner place. Rokerij, you will forever be in my heart as one of the best dinner restaurants in central phoenix.
I have been coming to Phoenix for the last 6 years for work and how I missed this place I will never know. Went to dinner with a girlfriend last night and the food was amazing! Very crowded but we found spaces at the bar. Service was fantastic and the atmosphere was awesome. I will definately spend more time at this place.
This restaurant makes my heart happy ... We just had a family birthday celebration last night with a party of 8. We were happy to learn that it was half priced wine bottles (Sundays and Mondays), so naturally we had 4 bottles on a Monday night :) We had 3 small plates to start the meal - the calamari, quesadillas and ceviche. All were very good. I could eat the quesadillas all day every day! The ceviche has an interesting flavor, almost like cinnamon. It wasn't my favorite ceviche in town, but I did enjoy it. Everyone ordered something different. Skewers, New Mexican Platter, Swordfish Special, Halibut Special, Surf & turf, Steak Skewers, Chicken Skewers, and I can't remember the last meal. Everyone was very happy with their food. We did have a small hiccup with the chicken on the skewers not being totally done, but our server was very apologetic and offered to bring back some properly cooked chicken. But he was already full so he declined. They took the whole skewer meal off the bill without us asking or even putting up a fuss about it. I loved the surf & turf, perfectly cooked and the shrimp was wrapped in bacon - yum! We also had a couple of desserts - the flourless chocolate cake, which was a delicious fudge cake that we devoured ... and the creme brulee, which they brought with a lit candle for the birthdays we were celebrating. My husband prefers his creme brulee custard a little more firm, but i thought it was perfect! So I ate most of it :) I think our server was new because he seemed to have a shadow most of the evening. But he did a great job, was very personable, and if I was smart enough to find out his name, I would love to sit in his section again. They never seem to hurt for business, yet they still manage to make you feel like they want you to come back again and again! And I will! I love this restaurant - it's definitely a family favorite!
For anyone who says that Phoenix has no culture and is just a desert wasteland... please take them to this amazing restaurant. This place is owned by the same folks who owned Richardson's (which burned down a few years ago- I was devastated - but is being re-built next to Rokerij). This place is dark, hip, inviting with great music and outstanding service. The food here incredible... New Mexican cuisine meets Wild West flavors. So good, you'll be kicking yourself for not going sooner. Was there yesterday for brunch... carne adovada with scrambled eggs. Seriously, the pork is the best I have ever had. But everything on the menu is fantastic - steaks, seafood, tamales. Yum. Go here.
great seafood...nice quiet place...decent service...not cheap...special occaisions
Rokerij is my favorite restaurant in this part of town. Everything i have tried has been quite enjoyable and the service is generally quite good. It does fill up at times so I recommend planning ahead for this. The basement area is fun but I enjoy the atmosphere in the entire restaurant. The price is very reasonable given the quality of the food. I can easily recommend Rokerij and find that it is a great value and dining experience.
i tend to be pretty picky about pizza and wasn't expecting much from this place. so i was shocked how good the pizza was here! would go back for sure! great service!!!!!!!!!!!!
I will admit, had it not been for Triple D on Food Network, I probably wouldn't have heard of this place. I am glad I am an avid viewer of this channel. My father, being the martyr that he is, decided he didn't want to go to dinner for his 55th birthday. So after some hemming and hawing, I bullied him into it. The next question, Where do we go? I told him about this recent episode of Triple D and to my amazement he had seen it to and suddenly he was all happy about a birthday dinner. Like most places nowadays, they don't take reservations. My brother called ahead and was told it should be fine for our time for a table of 8, a Wednesday night mind you. We were seated and take everyone else's word if not mine, the restaurant is small(read:TINY). There are probably 12 tables, max. We were given menus quickly and had our drink orders taken and brought out promptly. The table started with a mixed bruschetta of a traditional tomato and basil and a pesto with tomato. Both were excellent. They have a bunch of other choices as well. We also had the caprese salad, fresh balls of mozzarella, tomatoes, and romaine covered in balsamic vinegar. This too was great. Dinner choices were varied. I had a fettuccine with chicken, green chilies, and sun dried tomato. It had a garlic-wine sauce. Sprinkle on a little red pepper flakes for a little extra heat and you'll be happy. Get the fresh pasta, pay the extra buck, and you'll be one smiling mother#$*&er! Fresh pasta makes a world of difference. I sampled everything at the table. The macaroni and cheese with prosciutto, the ravioli, and the penne with sausage. The regular plain old red pasta sauce they use is great! It had such a nice sweetness to it I could have had a bowl of it. Get the mac & cheese. It is baked to perfection! We aren't talking Kraft mac and cheese here either people. This has real cheese, not some powder cheese. We also indulged in dessert and coffee. The flour-less chocolate cake with vanilla bean gelato was delicious. The cappuccino was great too. I was told the key lime cheesecake was good as well. The dining experience was nice. I thought the prices were reasonable and the serving size ample. We spoke with the owner, Richard, for long stretches throughout the meal and he was very personable and answered any questions or gave suggestions on meals. He saw me taking a picture of my food and asked if this was going to be on Yelp! I assured him it would be. He told me I wasn't getting anything free because of it, with a smile and a laugh. Love the NY attitude. For those that gave a bad review, I'm sorry, but I just don't get it. NO other Italian restaurants in the valley use fresh pasta, maybe Pasta Brioni. So, if you thought Buca, Olive Garden(barf), or Macaroni Grill used it, you are sadly mistaken.
Food-frickin-gasm! Was on a business trip, had one night in Phoenix, one meal, wanted it to be memorable. Researched heavily on Yelp and Triple D and came down to this one little Italian restaurant. Work friend and I agreed we had to try the two dishes highlighted on DDD; 5 meat bolognese with homemade pasta and Osso Bucco. First started with a salad with fresh mozzarella, pesto, tomatoes, basil. Wow it was so fresh, so amazing. The waiter suggested we get the bolognese sauce with a special homeade pasta that was filled with ricotta but yet light and airy and smaller than a penne but not hollow. Very unique softness to it and it was just incredible with this meat sauce. Second I have to say I would not typically order osso bucco but since it was highlighted on the show as a melt in your mouth good, I couldn't resist. This night it was made with veal shank. This was three huge veal shanks that filled the entire plate with a homeade lingini pasta with ruffled edges like lasagna noodles and this wonderful dark rich tomato/wine flavor sauce that was just amazing by itself. Wow you literally did not have to chew this meat and I am not exaggerating! We were just awestruck over the flavors of these dishes, the cozy environment and the amazing friendliness of the restaurant. The owner came over several times to ask us how we liked it and we both were so impressed with the customer service overall. To top it off, our amazing waiter was nice enough to save us the last caramel gelato with praline pecans crunched up small, OMG so smooth, sweet and perfect! I cannot wait to bring my other work associates here when I come back to Phoenix in a couple of weeks!
A winner, though pricey. Italian wines, friendly faces (customers AND waitstaff) and phenomenal food! Not to be confused with Guiseppesin Scottsdale.
Pros: Lots of variety on the menu. Clean, warm, and welcoming. Casual dining, close to our home, easy to find, and plenty of parking. Cons: Sometimes, they cut their home made pasta too thick; but I don't mind. Traditional, heavy Italian dishes. Not for people who are on diets.
MAMA MIA!! LOVE this quaint little Italian joint! Cozy atmosphere with fantastic food and service. I will be back for more! :)
Best Italian food I've had in a long time. As a Brooklynite who has been traveling for most of this year, I was happy to discover Giuseppe's is ran just like the old classic pizzerias I'm used to. Rich, the owner, even came over and helped talk to me & my friend, who were traveling through the southwest. That's when I realized he himself was from New York as well! Our server was a sweet, attentive, older woman who knowledgably guided us through the menu. The perfect meal: all the ingredients were fresh ( we enjoyed the mozzarella bursts over prosciutto and arugula // 4 different types of bruschetta // and hand made chicken parm) What a breathe of fresh air! I recommend this place to all locals and tourists alike.
I do not know who is cooking here, but what is coming out of that kitchen, is pure magic! I am a foodie. I've been everywhere and every place so I am not easy to impress but I got to admit... I am impressed. I cannot wait to come back, and if i talk too much it may be difficult to get a table next time. So I will just say, it was the most delicious food ever! The mushroom soup was.exquisite. The lemon butter caper grouper was out of this world, and I didnt order the cioppino but i have never seen something so amazing. Chuck full of seefood. My friend LOVED IT! I am really impressed. The service was great by the way. It felt like they were expecting me and i was a vip. Warmly greeted by the owner himself, and what it felt like the wholeteam of waiters, i could not complain.
Just came here today for a corporate event. What a neat experience! This was my first time and what a phenomenal place for my first High Tea experience. The tea sommelier was very experienced and our "server" (not sure that's what they are called during High Tea) was charming! Great for Mother's Day or momma-type event. What a treat!
There is nothing better than going to a place where the drinks are well made- and when they play your favorite music... I walked in here one night to hear France Gall - only to learn of the manager's love for french jazz music...he even made me a CD of the night's choices- Meilleurs voeux...toujours bienvenu!
When I first moved to Phoenix, I was walking around the Esplanade and saw this place. I had lived in NYC for years and had lived on Mercer street where there was a "Merc Bar" so thought I would go in and see if there was any connection. Sure enough, this place is the 2nd location of the NYC Merc Bar. Since I live across the street I come here fairly regularly. I'm usually a wine or beer drinker and my only critique would be the limited selection of draft beers and very small wine list. To their credit, their three beer tap usually has both Stella and Guinness, two of my favorites. Nonetheless, I still have not found a wine there that I really love. Not many people realize that they do make some excellent cheese plates if you need to snack on something. And the bar always has both goldfish and pretzels. If you are on a date, the really great thing is that you can grab a cozy table in the back and talk if you don't want to deal with the bar scene.
I don't frequent bars all that often (mostly because I don't enjoy them) but Merc is my favorite, hands down. It's got a cool, speakeasy, Prohibition-era vibe that is really unusual. The cocktail menu is by far the most interesting I've ever seen. You don't go there to drink - you go there to experience. We sat at the bar last night and were greatly entertained by the bartender and chef. The bartender (I think his name was Aaron?) really knew his stuff. I truly wish I lived closer...
Very nice environment. I would definitely go here again. The bartenders really know how to make some luscious specialty drinks!!
Wow. Even on a weekday evening with no one inside, this bar is worth visiting. It's set up speakeasy style with only a placard near the entrance door with the name on it. The inside is very dark and sultry. Lights shine on black and grey photos/ artwork above the bar. There are couches and tables. Our group relaxed on some couches and ordered several drinks off the menu and shared. Their take on the old fashioned was delicious. Though I can't remember the name, the rosemary-topped gin based martini was the absolute best. This place is fancy, for sure, but they don't seem to mind a flip flop before 7 or 8pm. Great services as well.
I have had several interactions with the lovely people at Fast Frame. I work at a local restaurant in Central Phoenix and they have gone above and beyond to accommodate our needs. We have a rare Gingerbread Man print that hangs in our ice cream shop and not only did they match the old frame perfectly the turn around time to get it back in our store was amazing. I would recommend their services to anyone. Thank you Fast Frame!
Our server Dylan was phenomenal! He made my daughter feel incredibly special and made our lunch date amazing!!!
Great service!! Just ordered a mani/pedi treatment from them over the phone for my mother-in-law. This is an annual treat for her on Mother's Day and she absolutely loves it. This salon is well organized and professional! And my mother-in-law raves about the quality and service for months.
All I can say is I got my wife a massage package for Christmas last year and she hasn't stopped talking about it. She was glowing for weeks. The staff was awesome about helping me pick out a package in my price range without trying to upsell me. I would highly recommend giving a package as a gift, my wife LOVED it.
This is such a great practice. Dr. Ferrera has treated all of my animals with great kindness and respect. We had a very, very sick dog that he was amazing with. I highly recommend this practice.
Don't come to Jamba often but when I do, I always have a good/quick experience with a delicious smoothie.
In today's economy where most businesses try to provide the least and charge the most, I feel that it is necessary to give credit where credit is due. Thus, I'd like to give a shout out to Hyde Park Jewelers in Phoenix, and specifically, Quinton V, one of their sales associates. Quinton made the engagement ring and wedding band purchasing process extremely easy and very low pressure. He is very well informed and was great at teaching me all about diamonds. He spent an hour with me the first time I walked in the store and never pressured me into buying anything or spending more than I wanted. I ended up with the perfect engagement ring. Fast forward five months and we went back into the store to buy bands. Again, Quinton was very easy to work with, put us both at ease, and provided us with several options that fit our budget. We walked out less than an hour later with the perfect band as well. I appreciate businesses that go the extra mile to make sure that customers are happy with their purchasing decisions and take the time to inform them without pressuring them during the process. If you are looking for a quality jewelery store without the high pressure sales environment, go to Hyde Park and ask for Quinton. You won't be disappointed.
Ah, Miracle Mile! I will always love you. I grew up in Phoenix during the 70s and 80s, offspring of parents who had grown up on the East Coast and knew what a real deli was supposed to taste like and smell like, and at that point in Phoenix history MM was the only game in town for that kind of experience. Probably still is. Anyway, we ate at the old Park Central location hundreds (okay, maybe just dozens and dozens) of times, sampling everything on the menu -- the pastrami is still my favorite, though. I can even remember when they expanded and built out that back patio with the koi pond, which quickly became my favorite place to sit when I went there with my mom. The Chris-Town location was okay, too, but it didn't have the koi pond so it wasn't as interesting to me. And the guys who worked behind the counter, what a bunch of old pros. If you went there during lunch rush, you had better know what you wanted when you reached the counter (and since you'd probably been staring at the menu for five minutes you had no excuse not to) or you'd get sent to the back of the line! I was sad to hear that Park Central location was gone, a little piece of my childhood being closed off. But this location at the Colonnade, it's not bad and the pastrami is every bit as delicious as I remember from years past. I can't wait until the next time I'm in Phoenix to visit my mom so we can go there again!
I've been eating at the Miracle Mile Delicatessens for over 45 yrs now. What makes these guys special is that the consistency is the same regardless the store or the decade. They are making the same fabulous Straw sandwiches & brisket of beef today that they were making in the 60's. Family owned & the pride shows. I'm looking forward to eating here for another 4 plus decades, God willing!
I've been eating at Miracle Mile ever since I can remember, initially at the old Christown Mall location. For my youth, it was the only Jewish/American deli I knew. It's still great after all these years and location changes. I've since eaten at a few deli's that can top it, but not by much. I'm not going to run down everything I've eaten over the years; you know what deli's have to offer and this place is no exception. Get your matzo/pastrami/corned beef/chicken soup on, homey!
The BBQ pastrami has taken its place among my favorite sandwiches. Plenty of breads to choose from - I got the kaiser roll on my most recent visit, but I've had several different kinds before, always great. I'm not sure what makes this sandwich so good - it's just plain quality. Fries and other side items are pretty tasty, and while I haven't tried a whole lot of different things there, most of the menu looks pretty appetizing. Since I live nearby now, I'll likely be back often to keep trying new things.
I've had one of my best dining experiences here!! I went with some friends one night and we had a grand old time! We laughed and had the cutest waiter EVER! The food was awesome! but the skinny minies I had with me couldn't finish their food! Ugh, nothing is more of a turn off than to see a girl who weighs 80 pounds soaking wet swearing she can't have another bite! Anyway I digress! I went another night another friend of mine. Him and I had an awesome time! We arrived and a table opened up quickly. We sat and were served well. Our waiter was very attentative, my friend thinks he hit on him though... but we always fight about which server is hitting on who! lol! I ordered a SMALL cesar salad because my friend ordered a small soup. And they brought out this HUGE platter of salad! and the cesar dressing was so strong I couldn't eat it! I tried!! Really I did! it was like... stinging me! ouch! :'( But I did order the chinese beef dish and that was INCREDIBLE! He ordered... hmmmm... I don't rememeber... but it must have been good he didn't complain. lol. We laughed and joked and talked and ate. We had too much fun. By the end of our meal he orded an pineapple upside down cheesecake! oh it was DEVINE!!!! I have never, EVER had a more better cheesecake ever! I will absolutely come back! Our experience was amazing. simply amazing.
Everyone loves Trader Joe's. And if you don't, there is something wrong with you. How a larger chain grocery store manages to keep a local vibe is beyond me. Good for you TJ. I was especially excited for my move to AZ knowing there's a Trader Joe's there. Utah doesn't carry them but from what I hear, that's about to change. Now, I am 5 minutes from TJ and I love it. The produce is always fresh and holy CHEAP! Asian Pears for 99 cents a piece?! I'll take a whole cartload please. I can't believe how amazing the produce quality is along with the amazing prices. Two Asian Pears at Whole Foods would have cost me my first born and my left foot. What I love more than anything about Trader Joe's is that they carry things you would never ever ever find at an ordinary grocery store. I HATE shopping at Fry's or anywhere comparable to Fry's because... "Why?..." I think to myself. The quality of selection, produce, price point and lets mention their ALWAYS upbeat employees puts Trader Joe's at the top of my list. I heart you Trader Joe's and I'm glad you're right up the street from me.
I really dig this place. They have a lot to offer for such a small wittle store. I am definitely in love with the low prices on flowers and plants, as I like to give my lady love pretty things from time to time. The food is quite swell, with their vast selection of fresh and frozen goods, produce, meats, cheeses, wine (they have local wines!!), personal hygiene items, snacks, desserts, and so on. The staff is always always ALWAYS very friendly and helpful, and just have a general sense of rad...like they enjoy their job. I feel this review is short, but ain't it sweet? Keep up the greatness guys!
I love this Trader Joe's. The location could not be any better given that it is located right next to LA Fitness where I end up after a hard workout. The staff is exceptional friendly (Kat, Jade ,Andrea, Kamal,Betty ,Joey Lance............ 5 Stars to all of you!!) Best selection of cheeses and wines and the TV dinners are also awesome. Betty keep up the good work serving those dishes and Kat thanks for the wine. I 'll be back for more. Colton Bauer
I'm just glad to be supporting the little guy instead of the Big Orange F'ers or the Big Blue Bastards. Ace is a complete hardware store. I can always get what I need. I get in and out quick, the workers are accessible and friendly and helpful - did you hear that Home Despot?? HELPFUL!! and I can get an ice cream at 7:30 in the morning. I go to ACE for all kinds of things -children's safety stuff, lawn care, tools, hardware, ad infinitum. never have to wait long in line. The music is usually pretty good stuff. Parking is not so good -the parking lot is circa 1975, but it's local and convenient in so many ways. support your local ACE.
First off, I went here during restaurant week. Restaurant week is the greatest thing in the world because you get to eat at places like this for $30 a plate instead of the standard $50-$60. That being said... this place is fantastic. The meat is cooked perfectly, the french onion soup was great, and the creme brulee was the best I've ever had. I've noted a few people say their meat was cooked improperly... I've never been one to send back food but at a steakhouse of this caliber, do so at anytime. That being said.. please no wtf a medium rare steak looks like and what a medium well steak looks like. Will be back.... during the summer when they have essentially the same deal if you dine after 8pm... otherwise the bills around here tend to look like car payments.
Flawless service and reasonably priced gourmet cuisine are the hallmark of this fine establishment. I love it here. My Delmonico was absolute perfection, as was the bernaise sauce along with the sides. My date had the lobster and crab stuffed shrimp, which if you think about it, is the oceanic equivalent of turducken. Not that I'd ever eat turducken, but her ordering this dish caused me to rethink my entire value system. Maybe turducken is in my short-term future, who knows. Which causes me to wonder why it's ok to stuff a tiny little shrimp with a bevy of other larger crustaceans in the first place. The turkey I get. It's a big motherfucker, capable of stuffing practically any other fowl inside of it. But a shrimp? If anything, they should stuff it with smaller crustaceans, like krill or something. Anyways, I forgot what I was talking about. Oh yeah, Capital Grille. There are a lot of older people in here. One old woman in the booth next to ours was coughing up shit all through dinner which really sucked. I turned and gave her the skunk-eye, as if to say; 'Hey bitch, take your phlegmmy-ass outside and let me enjoy my meal', but she shot me a look right back, saying; 'Hey you little wad, I've got more money than anyone in this place and if I so choose, I'll dredge up as much phlegm as I want...now piss off and stop staring at me.' All things considered, our meal was really good except for Sputum Queen in the next booth. I hope she gets pneumonia if she doesn't already. Bitch.
Based simply on the dessert... the MOST AMAZING and now my ultimate favorite dessert of anyplace, ever - the coconut cream pie. I do not love coconut, and I do not love coconut cream pie - but there is something utterly amazing about this dessert that doesn't make me think of coconut. A great crust with soft filling, then cream on top, drizzled with something amazing and a thin wafer-cookie thing added. I realize this post is not doing this amazing dessert justice, but I highly encourage you to try it!!
Amazing! The food was so divine it had rendered me wordless. Coconut cream pie for dessert ;)
Located in the Town and Country Plaza in Phoenix on 20th St. and Camelback, Cyprus Pita Grill appropriately brings excellent food and ambiance. I have eaten at this restaurant dozens of times and can say that they are consistently wonderful. The management is so charming! The owner is from the island country of Cyprus. There is some nice artwork on the walls and interesting decor. The restaurant is wide open but intimacy doesn't suffer. Lighting is subdued and slightly romantic although there is no reason to feel awkward if eating alone. There is also a nice patio on two sides of the restaurant perfect for people watching or getting a breath of fresh air. The food is superb! My favorites are hummus, chicken souvlaki (grilled chicken on skewers), and the Greek fries. Do yourself a favor and order the Greek fries! They are French fries smothered in feta cheese and seasonings. If you like feta cheese and fries separately you are going to fall in love with the combination!! They also just started serving flaming cheese which is sauted in brandy and ouzo, lit a flame, and served table side. Very flavorful and dramatic. A quaint restaurant with excellent food in a nice part of Phoenix makes Cyprus Pita Grill well worth the visit.
Awesome Greek fries!!! Anybody who loves greek flavors must try them!
One of my favorite places for Greek good. Chicken pita sandwich is delicious! I'm in love with the their Greek fries!
I'm a coffee snob & I have to say this place is really good. I drink americanos and the quality is excellent -- not too burnt but still has good flavor. In addition, it's hot.....very hot....which is the way is should be. I like it better than Starbucks. Worth trying
Fabulous food, great service, enjoyable live entertainment on a Wednesday night!!!! Great place for Cajun fare!!!
Seafood etouffee, gumbo, jambalaya and the Baby Kay's Seafood Appetizer plate ... YUM!!! We got a great bottle of wine on special for $18. The waiter, Nick, was fantastic and I wish I lived closer so I could come more often. They are moving to a new location and will be closed after Aug 31 until Nov sometime.
Woohoo! As good as it gets! That sums up my experience! I am the worst customer in the world. I have an engineering back ground and have to know everything. Bill and the guys at Checker have always treated me with respect and taken the time to tell me and show me how to do the repair I am preparing to do. IEven when I am over analyzing and asking too many questions. I have used checker pool for 3 years from rebuilding motors fast, replacing a filter for an in ground Jacuzzi, new pool filter, new in ground pool service, and a new pool light and countless other items. They have always been courteous and went above and beyond to help me. The people they have recommended to me when I could not do the job have also been outstanding. Kenny you rock! This place gives gold old fashioned small town customer service. I just took my friend to Checker and he had his pump fixed in 2.5 hours. If these guys are eating while they serve you realize it is because they are not taking their breaks like most people do to make sure you get the quickest service you can.
Ohhh Molina, thank goodness you're here. I would like to thank Danielle for her outstanding service!! Molina's may seem intimidating, but take it from me, it's not. Even from the very beginning, when I went in with my vintage 1920's ring, they have shown amazing quality and care with repairing it. The reason we didn't get our bands from here was because we were in a money pinch from paying for our wedding which is why we decided to go with another jeweler (BIG MISTAKE) After the horrible situation we had with the jeweler down the road (look at my other reviews and you'll understand), we became so upset and stressed. However, I'm happy to say I no longer feel that way. Your quality and service goes above and beyond, and our bands are beautiful. Thank you so much!!
I'm gonna add to the growing list of previous reviewers who have also had great service at 25th Street Automotive by giving it a well deserved 5 stars. My clutch had all but completely gone out and I had to have it towed to the auto shop. The car was also running very hot in an unrelated issue. One of the Bills called me 3 or 4 times throughout the day to keep me in the loop of what they had discovered and what was recommended. The service was all complete in one day and I was able to pick it up the same evening. My car is running great! Every positive comment about this auto shop is very true. They are professional, extremely courteous, reasonable and above all, they are trustworthy. A good auto shop is one of those things that seems to be all so elusive, so I'm thankful for the previous yelpers guiding me here. I hope to not have anymore breakdowns or many maintenance needs but if I do, I will return here. I am a fan and I will recommend them to anyone I hear of having a vehicle issue.
Thanks to Yelp, I found this awesome car repair shop. I have nothing but the absolute BEST things to say about them. The most professional, honest and effecient that I have ever worked with. Unfortunately, I just bought a "lemon" and 25th St. Automotive took some of the pain out this process. They are just amazing....I knew that the transmission was most likely shot. They spent the minimum amout of time and money to confirm this and were more than accomodating. I would bring another car back here in a heartbeat. Overall, a it's very dismal circumstance regarding my newly purchased used car, but an absolutely fabulous experience with 25th Street Automotive.
Dexter woke me up on Sunday at 5:30 am. Now, that may not seem like a big deal, but this dog LOVES bedtime and gets extremely lazy once he snuggles under the covers. I knew something was up. Diarrhea. Ugh. Puking. Ugh. I waited 2 days, then decided it was time to take him in to be checked out. The staff was pleasant on the phone and made sure to let me know I'd have to arrive 15 minutes early to fill out paperwork. They checked me in right away and I got to work. The room opened up quickly, so I finished my paperwork in there. Twice an assistant came in to check on Dexter and ask some basic questions. The vet, Dr. Bishop, was very personable. He set my mind at ease right away. As he finished he said "He's a very good dog." Aw!! I know this, and my friends know this, but I like everyone knowing what a great dog he is. He got a shot, some meds to bring home, and cans of food for the next few days. The entire office visit was just over $100. After some of the other places I've been, this was a welcome relief. It looks like the ghetto from outside, but don't be alarmed. Everyone there was great. I'm already taking him back next week for his yearly shots.
This is my second year being a member of the Phoenix Film Society and my second year attending the Phoenix Fim Festival. I go with a flex pass so each year I see 4 films. This year, I almost didn't attend because I had a ski accident and was told by the doctor to stay home and rest with my leg elevated before my surgery. Well, I got bored and decided to do double headers on the last 2 nights before the festival ended. I was able to call ahead and reserve my tkts ahead of time which was a big time saver. On my way to the theater, a volunteer saw me walking with crutches and walked with me, held the door open for me and even sat with me through the movie to make sure I would be okay. In betwn the movie, a volunteer got a chair for me to sit on so I didn't have to walk far while they cleaned the theater in btwn the movies. The second night was the same. The volunteers were so nice. One even adjusted my crutches for me because they were not fitted correctly. In addition, I sat next to a couple who really empathized with my situation~ the husband had just got done with surgery and rehab. They told me they would bring me his wheelchair and walker for me to use during recovery and sure enough, the hubby brought it by the other day! Here I am glowing about the volunteers at the festival and haven't talked about the festival itself. . . . this festival is a year long planning event completely run by volunteers . . . for this to happen, the festival itself has to have a lot of heart, And any event that has a lot of heart, has to be good. I love movies, I love the Phoenix Film Society, and I love the Phoenix Film Festival. I ask that anyone who has attended the festival and had a bad experience to become a volunteer or a member and once you get to know the directors (volunteers) and what it takes to pull a festival of this scale together, then you can better appreciate the existence of this wonderful festival.
I had written my original review after the first time I went here. Since then, I have probably been about 20 more times. This place is totally a 5 star, bombastic breakfast diner. The waitress is amazingly quick and on top of things. I really appreciate that attentiveness in the morning. The kitchen kicks out food just as quickly and it sure is good. I've tried the sausage and eggs (which is a giant polish sausage that has been grilled) and "The Bus" (which is a huge piece of ham). The food is always great and the bill is always under $20 for both of us. This is our fallback for breakfast now. No more Denny's or IHOP - ALWAYS JERRY'S. We even went Christmas morning while waiting for the family to wake up. This place is top notch.
My Grandpa lives in Safford and the girls at Jerry's take great care of him every morning for his coffee time. During our visit to his house we went to Jerry's with him every morning. Besides the great memories made, the coffee is great. I ordered the oatmeal with wheat toast and it is consistently good. Jerry's has a small town feel with great service and good food. What more could you want?
Friday night all you can eat fish fry....ask for it grilled if you prefer! Be sure to leave room for the homemade pies. Chicken pot pie is a must try as well!
I laugh at the silly reviews. This is a mom and pop shop that has been in business a long time. Regulars like us keep the business going, and will continue to in the future. If you are complaining about the two choices of bread go to subway. If you are complaining about the ambiance, go elsewhere. This place is special to regulars and those in the know can tell you they dont have to have special breads, or a wall full of different subs to impress. Try a meatball sub, the meatballs are great. Especially on Plain WHITE bread. I dont come here for the 10 types of bread or the 50 different sandwiches. This place is old school, and that's what I love about it. Rudy and Gloria are always fantastic. I drive out of my way to eat here. I live in the SW valley to trek up to 24th St and Osborn. Support Your Local Mom and Pop Shop....!!!!!!
Believe all the reviews! I took my car here after I got new tires and they informed me they couldn't do the alignment. Instead of telling me why, Ken brought me down to the lower shop area and showed me why an alignment wouldn't work until a certain part was replaced. I have never had an alignment shop do this. They normally just put the car on the machine, print out some fancy numbers, and charge me double what Jack charges. I am very impressed by their honesty and commitment to quality work. Plus the prices are pretty good too. From now on all my alignments will be done here!
I'd give them 7 stars if I could! I used a hand alignment shop in Michigan before moving out here and was so happy I found Jack's here in AZ. Hand alignments are the only way to go. I've been there three times with three different vehicles. A cargo van, a mini-van and a Honda CRV and every time they charged me less than I expected for an amazing alignment. This place costs half what a computer place charges for twice as good work. Do not even think about going elsewhere. Also they do brakes and shocks. Not sure what else. My OLD "reputable" mechanic in Scottsdale charged me $400 for "heavy duty" shocks in the rear. They put on standard shocks, charged me $100 for $50 shocks and loads of labor. I inquired here. Real Heavy Duty shocks for $100 each for my cargo van and $85 for labor. $285 vs $400 plus the real thing and not standard shocks marked up double. I really love coming here and it's fun to watch them do the work. They are extremely professional and efficient. My front end alignment on the van was exactly $60. Not taxable because it's labor and no "shop fees".
We have been dining at Sophie's for years. We just had our anniversary lunch (2/15). The server was by herself and she still gave us wonderful service. The food is so incredibly good. We love this place! Thank you Sergio!
By far the best chinese food in town with the friendliest staff. After a rough day yesterday i chose to go here over a high end scottsdale restaurant and was so glad I did. The food was amazing as it always is, the waiter made me laugh. I couldn't have asked for a better evening. I would highly recommend this place. Their house chicken is like a drug. Once you try it, your hooked. The sizzling beef plater is also a must. Give this a place a shot. You won't be dissappointed.
VERY COOL PLACE. It looks like its right out of bladerunner or pulp fiction. The service is probably the best on the planet. The food is probably not the best but. The people are very nice. Order the moo shoo Its cool how the Waiter puts it together at your table. He calls it "Chinese burrito" I also like the garlic shrimp but its very garlicky.
We've been going to this restaurant for about 2 years now. As a little background story, it is family owned and operated. The family immigrated to the US but first spent some time in Vietnam, thus the Vietnamese dished on the menu in addition to the Chinese. The place is indeed a bit antiquated in decor but it really makes up for it in food-flavor. The best way to enjoy this place is to go there with a few people and eat the food family-style. Sometimes you get to sit in the big booth table with the lazy-Susan. The last time I was there, I sat with a group of 7 people and each person ordered a different dish. My favorites are the House-Chicken which is a lightly battered and fried, and then they pour a light sweet-soy type sauce over it. The hot and sour soup is also very tasty. You can order it extra spicy if you want. It has all kinds of veggies, and shrimp, pork and tofu as well. Another good choice is the fried rice they make: pork or house fried rice are quite delicious. Oh and I almost forgot the walnut shrimp. OMG! DELICIOUS!!!!!!! My pregnant sister can't have enough of that. The servers sometimes make fruit drinks that they hand out with crushed ice. I'm not sure if we get those because they know us or just because. We usually have water to drink so I can't comment on soda-pricing. The waiters/waitresses have accents because they were not born in the US. Some people should just get over that. I've been telling other friends about this place and I'll expect to go there again in the next few weeks.
Barb's Bakery...they epitomize what the local community feel is all about. It's like stopping by an old friend's house or having your childhood best friend's parents make you breakfast. They are extremely friendly, their prices are great, and their donuts are needed on a cheat day. You can't leave this place without a smile. Cheers to Barb's for doing things the right way.
First of all....many thanks to Angela for helping me through this process! I have been planning my Grandma's birthday party in Phoenix although I live in San Diego. Angela has been so helpful and patient with me as I made changes and additions to the order up to a week ago. Today I picked up the order and while at the bakery decided to pick up a few cupcakes as an afternoon sweet treat for some visitors. OMG!!!!! So wonderful!! We got a mix of cupcakes but the pink champagne takes the cake for me - pun intended. I can't wait until tomorrow when we bring out the cakes and cupcakes for the party. I will definitely come back here to cure my sweet tooth and recommend it to everyone I know in the area.
Pros: Don't miss the frosted sugar cookies or the ooey gooey cake! Cons: Few parking spots, run down neighborhood, and sometimes they run out of the stuff I like before I can get there.
The best cake, cupcakes and cookies in town. Will use for all future events. Thank you Barbs!
I have been going here practically my whole life. It is my favorite mexican restaurant. It's not fancy, but it's not run down either - it's just right. The waiters are also always very nice. I'm a total salsa snob and their chunky salsa is the best salsa ever. The hot sauce is also highly ranked in my book. I've had their cheese crisp, enchiladas, chimis - basic stuff like that. Their fried ice cream is really good too! And the best part about it is that the salsa is wonderful at their different locations too. I'm just partial to this location since it's been the one I go to the most. Very reasonable prices too. Try them out!
I don't usually think of getting my car washed as a treat, but the good folks at Lindstrom treated me like a queen. I live in New Mexico on a dirt road and had driven to the Phoenix area to visit my sister. I knew my poor car was in desperate need of a good wash. I wanted to find the best in the metro area. I found Lindstrom's on Yelp and gave it a try. It was quite a distance from my sister's home, but I seriously wanted the best. After all, my car hadn't been washed in over a year, and I didn't want it to go into shock or have a seizure or something. Seeing from my license plate that I was from out of state, the gentleman who took my order chatted with me briefly (did NOT try to upsell me at all) then waved me over to meet the owner, Ahmed. I told him how I'd heard of Lindstrom and he gave me the royal treatment. I had ordered "the works", but I never expected my car to look better than new, including the time-consuming job of dressing the tires and cleaning the wheels on my MINI Cooper. And to top it off, Ahmed didn't even charge me. Just a great welcome to Arizona and a fantastic way to start off a Monday. These guys are meticulous in what they do, and take pride in it. It's rare to find a locally owned shop like this and this is one of the reasons I love Yelp. My car's self-esteem is as good as new, and I'm a happy girl motoring around Scottsdale in my gleaming, brand-new looking MINI. Thank you Ahmed and crew!
I went to Lindstrom Family Car Wash on my first day in Phoenix after a 2,500 mile road trip. Needless to say, my car was FILTHY. Joe greeted me with a genuine smile and a happy attitude. I bought a special mini-detail which was affordable and done beautifully! Thank you for your wonderful customer service and excellent work.
We make it a tradition to come here whenever family is in town. So I've probably been here atleast 10 times. Love their steak with buttered plates. We've had it before where the streak wasnt cooked to our satisfaction. But after being there so many times I know how to order it. Sweet potato casserole is excellent. Cesar salad is the best I've ever had. On this occasion the wait staff was very friendly, but I've had it before where they are like buzzing bees. I usually like to have tea after dinner which is always nice. The atmosphere is good. It is nicer to sit in the main dining area near the windows instead of the side room. Also people if you are going to spend hundred dollars on dinner, don't cheap out on a babysitter. Nobody wants to listen to your whinnying little brat kids who can't sit still. Ruth Chris should have an age requirement! I've been to Mortons twice. Once in Chicago and once in Phoenix and both times it wasn't as good as Ruth Chris.
Fridays are our date night and I must say I was extremely happy with our choice of restaurant. Houston's at the Esplanade has been a favorite of ours for years, but last night confirmed our feelings once again. After being told that the wait would be 15 minutes, we decided to go out to the patio and order our drinks. Less than 5 minutes later we were seated at our table. Impressive already! Our appetizers were wonderful! I didn't like artichoke until last night! Total Yum! My husband had the usual, the Pork Ribs and loved them. As for me, I had the Grilled Halibut and couldn't be happier! The freshness and quality of my dish was to die for! I love Houston's!
Never been a huge Houston's guy. It's too dark, the menu is too limited, and while the food is good it somehow always fails to live up to the hype. Not bad, but not memorable, either. From what I understand, Hillstone is an amped-up Houston's, like a luxury badge on a Marriot hotel. Yawn. I tell you all this because heading into my first visit to Hillstone tonight I had zero expectations. None. Well, other than expecting to be underwhelmed. Shame on me, because Hillstone hit a home run. A beautifully appointed, thoughtfully designed, approachably classy indoor/outdoor dining venue, Hillstone offers the same dressed-down menu of a Houston's, but in a nicer setting with truly elite service. Kaitlyn, our server, was attentive and exactly the right level of chipper. She was pleasing to both my 7-year-old niece as well as my 65-year-old mother. That's no easy feat. The burger was perfect, the beverages were never empty, the table was cleared on time, the check was dropped off and picked up seamlessly and the staff was always around but never a nuisance. And I love the setting. From the bar to the bathrooms everything just works. There are romantic corner booths and more lively center room talbes and the patio is gorgeous, with a perfect view of bustling Camelback Road. Whether it's a business meeting or a first date, Hillstone will definitely get my repeat business.
Expert service. Exceptional food every time. Beautiful ambiance!
Wonderful service! These restaurants seem to be known for that. Our server was fantastic! Loved the French Dip here (as always!). Theirs is the best I have had! We all ordered it at our table except for one person ordered the veggie burger, and he is still talking about it a week later. Yummy brownie dessert as well!
The best rotisserie chicken I've ever tasted. The best swordfish I have ever tasted. The chicken was incredibly juicy, the swordfish perfectly flakey. Get dressed up, the atmosphere is elegant with a massive patio that seamlessly melds into the dinning room. Bravo!
Great atmosphere, Awesome service, Great place but it can be pricey $$$. I Love that everything is so fresh! Including drinks I had one or two martinis and every ten min they would change my martini glass so it would never get warm always chill and fresh !
I had a very nice meal here, definitely a place I'd return to. The place is comfortable, looks great, and has a nice ambience to it. I ordered the Hawaiian ribeye, with a loaded baked potato. The steak was very good, cooked a perfect medium rare, with a not-overwhelmingly sweet glaze. The potato was pretty decent as well. For dessert, I asked to be surprised with whatever they recommended, and was served a tasty ice cream sundae. It was very good, on my short list for places to go for a nice night out.
Just came back from Paris and ate at two- and three- Michelin star rated restaurants. Hillstone's food is honestly comparable. The ambience is lovely, masculine, and cozy; it attracts a more established crowd. Ernest Hemingway would have loved this place. Service is top-notch. I've ordered everything and am never disappointed. Best food in town hands down!
I had the most amazing time here tonight! Im new to the area and this place had amazing reviews so I checked it out. Our server Melissa was just amazing. She went above and beyond her duties to make us comfortable, I will defiantly come back to see her! I got the Thai ahi tuna roll, it was incredible! It has cashews in it that make a perfect crunch! My dad got a burger and coleslaw and loved it! They also have have chain breaker! Love it!
I have to say that I will forever love this Walgreens... I live close by and every morning walked there when I got the chance, its so peaceful and quiet. The staff is so nice and helpful. You can find anything you need from your neighborhood walgreens. This has to be the best one there is.
After being rear ended in a car accident almost 20 yrs ago I was fortunate to meet Dr Peterman. I was on pain pills and muscle relaxers with 3 little kids at home. Dr Peterman activator method was effective and his extra care for his patients educated me on how important it was to get off the medicine for the health of my body. Over the years I have always been Thankful to have Dr Peterman to call for an adjustment. The staff is always helpful & friendly. Recently I have been dealing with some unexplained health concerns and Dr Peterman has been my saving grace because of his genuine care for his patients.
We went for restaurant week and had outstanding service, wonderful food, and reasonbale drink prices. We really enjoyed beef tenderloin, smoked salmon quesadillas, and pecan pie. My French Maritini with Grey Goose was awesome for $12.50! It is a formal setting with low lighting for a nice romantic setting.
What a fabulous dinner at Vincent's on Camelback. Thankfully Chef Vincent G. was in the kitchen when we recently dined and the meal was absolutely superb. We began with an appetizer of foie gras with Schnepf Farm peaches and a balsamic glaze. A small portion, but if you love foie gras as we do then you will not be disappointed. Meltingly lucious. For a salad I chose the Raddichio with Belgian Endive and it was so wonderful. It consisted of a mixture of chopped raddichio, belgian endive, pears, pecans, and a mild blue cheese in a lovely, mild vinaigrette. I plan to try to duplicate this at home as it was so delicious. My husband had his heart set on a lobster salad but it was not on the menu that night. Not to worry though as our waiter, Dino, said he was sure the kitchen could do one. They did not disappoint. It was a lovely salad they created with big chunks of lobster and heirloom tomatoes. My husband said it was perfect. For our entrees I chose the lobster in beurre blanc with basil pasta. That lobster was a small one (the waiter said it would be a whole lobster split, but a small one) but I have to say it was as sweet and fresh tasting as ones I've eaten in Cape Cod or Maine. Just incredibly delicious and the basil pasta was a perfect accompaniment. My husband ordered the duck confit and I have to say after tasting his I'd be very hard pressed to decide which entree I liked best. The confit was served with lyonnaise potatoes. Chef Vincent really did some magical things in his kitchen to give a crispness to the layer of duck fat sitting on top of the thigh and drumstick. We are confit fans but unless you have a gallon of duck fat at home it's pretty hard to duplicate in your own kitchen, plus it's doubtful it would taste as good as this one did. For dessert we both chose the Grand Marnier souffles served with a creme anglaise. Those beauties were ethereal and heavenly....like eating a cloud with a sauce that begs to be licked off the spoon. The service by Dino and the other waitstaff was top notch. We managed to greet Chef Vincent as we were leaving and told him how much we appreciated his genius. This chef is a Valley treasure and if you have not had the chance to try his restaurant you are missing out. He was the winner in the past of the James Beard SW Chef awards and it's not hard to see why. He is French born and French trained and in my humble opinion NO ONE COOKS AS WELL AS THE FRENCH. We will return as soon as we can. This is still my favorite restaurant in the Valley bar none.
This is my FAVORITE restaurant in Phoenix. Cannot wait to go back. Service, food and ambiance and price for what you get ( price fix menu) were great. The only small issue was that it was really packed with people & some of the people in wheelchairs/walkers had a tough time getting through. They even have a cookbook!
On a Sunday morning in phoenix, you are often left thinking about the fact that a good breakfast is neither close nor available. In fact, you could sum up the valleys breakfast nooks as vacant or un found. There is one beacon of breakfast hope that can be found in the central corridor, and Vincents be thy name. Obviously Vincents is a culinary staple in the valley that is known far and wide and adorned by all. What is somewhat unknown to valley foodies is that right behind the main Vincents restaurant sits "Vincents Bistro." What does that mean to the food masses? The best price point in the valley on fine dining in a great setting. Before you engage the menu, make sure to enjoy the house made croissants and butter, this little treat will get your senses going in the right direction. The menu at the Bistro is not complex(neither is the main dining room), but has staples such as Vincents famous smoked salmon quesedilla($10) and main lobster with handmade basil pasta($14). The Bistro has a daily prix fixe menu that uses the following methodology. An appetizer of choice, a main entree of choice and dessert. The price tag is never greater than $20 for the prix fixe and I challenge another restaurant in the valley to beat it. Choices can range from prime new york steak, to lamb chops to a wonderfully cooked piece of fish. What are the cons? Good luck coordinating a take out order with the normal busyness of the operation. Wait times for pick up can range from forty-five minutes to over an hour. If you feel like your caught in the middle of a whirlwind circus when picking up your order, don't worry, that's just the normal pace. In 1982 Vincent Guerithault catapulted Arizona into the beginning phases of the culinary elite the other larger metropolis cities were already enjoying. Now, thirty years later, he has done it again with the Bistro. I applaud Vincent and his family on their success and longevity in the valley culinary circuit.
I had been meaning to try Vincent's for such a long time, and today was the day. So many people had mentioned how lovely the brunch menu is here... I am happy to say that we have found our new favorite breakfast / brunch destination! Vincent's has the best brunch menu in all of the Valley--hands down. We started with the four tiny croissants and jam that our friends had mentioned were so delicious (they were!). My boyfriend had the lobster quiche which arrived with a side of greens and I ordered the tomato, basil, and mozzarella omelette. We also shared cinnamon raison brioche which came to us warm, full of raisons, with a perfectly "eggy" taste. Everything was absolutely wonderful and our only concern was that we couldn't possibly finish everything they had brought! The prices are considerably lower than what you'd expect to pay for such a delightful meal. :-) My boyfriend commented that this is the best brunch spot he's found since he left New York.
Vincent's market bistro is my usual weekday go to. Always pleased with there salads, soups, apps, mains and desserts! Scotty and the staff are the best. You know a place is good when there clientele have been going there for years and years.
Don't you dare call the Coffe Lady Cafe a "coffee shop," and NEVER compare it to starbuck's (corporate yuck.) This is a restaurant with a full breakfast/lunch/brunch menu. They just also happen to be able to accommodate your routine morning cup, if that's all you have time for. And that morning cup is great, the BEST cup of coffee going. One more thing no other coffee shop can offer? Marie, the owner and "lady" behind the Coffee Lady Cafe name. This is the sweetest, friendliest person I've met in a long time. And she knows the meaning of "customer service." The Coffee Lady Cafe is so good, they'll get you to change your morning routine.
Just stopped in here for the first time. New coffee lady, Sherry, was super friendly and made a delicious dirty pumpkin chai. Great for fall! My friend got a caramel mocha latte. It was also really good and decently priced-only $3.25!
Extremely helpful and positive staff. Did an online order for pickup and then did some miscellaneous shopping. Special thanks to Tracie at the customer service desk who directed us away from and to items that were better suited for the job we were doing.
This place is a low-key hideaway with friendly staff. I would not really call it a dive; it's more neighborhood bar. Watching live music here is a really up close and personal experience. They support local live music.
I love this place. I had to get a couple of pieces fixed and they did an awesome job. I ended up buying a vintage ring too. I lost a stone a couple of months later and they helped me find a replacement. They have some unique and beautiful jewelry in the store and the prices range but you get what you pay for. The service is great. In my opinion, It's hard to find a jewelry store that you can trust.
I drive by this place every day...and I was honestly scared to go in until I got a tip from a very reliable source that this place was delicious. I tried simple, sweet and sour chick'n...it was SO GOOD. I told myself I wouldn't become a vegan fast food junkie but this place makes it hard to keep that promise. I came back today to try the Hawaiian burger and it was good. I might do without the pineapple next time...I know that's what's so Hawaiian about it! I just don't like baked fruit...freaks me out... So with that said, go try it, even if you're not Vegan; a healthy cruelty free meal will do you some good :D
Yummmmmmm!!!! :) Best vegetarian restaurant in Phoenix!! Awesome, delicious, flavorful , hearty and vegan!! Definitely a restaurant for food lovers. I thought Green was happening and prior to that I was Fresh Mint addict but this place takes the cake! I haven't eaten in yet because the decor is a bit dated but takeout is fast and fantastic only ever takes 10-15 min to get your order made so perfect spot to grab dinner on the way home. Great prices and large portion sizes! Best vegetarian restaurant in Phoenix!!
This place is a less expensive but just as tasty Green. (But no tsoynamis.) Great service, enjoyed the Noble Broccoli, chocolate cake! All vegan, but I went with a non-vegan and he also loved it. Weird white atmosphere, but quiet and clean!
I have seen Dr. Bob and his sister as well. They are very soft-spoken, gentle and knowledgable. My neurologist recommended me to them. Note: they are opthalmologists not optometrists.
I had lasik this afternoon. It all started last week when I went to visit this office for the exam to see if I was a candidate. Everyone was so nice and friendly. I was a little anxious and they were very patient with me. They took lots of one on one time with me answering my questions and just letting me freak out a bit. Everyone I saw asked if I needed anything when I was there. I was offered lots of snacks, drinks and blankets. After my meeting with them I felt very comfortable and that this was the place to have my surgery. They booked me for the next week which felt so fast, but I was ready. Today I went in and they took some time looking at my eyes again and answering any questions I had. I was there for about 2 hours, but the surgery itself took only about 10 minutes. I was so nervous, but everyone was just so nice and helpful. The Dr. was great and explained everything as he was doing it. My eyes are a little uncomfortable right now, but I can see! It's amazing. I would recommend The Lasik Vision Institute to anyone thinking of getting lasik. The team just made the process a lot less scary.
I broke my glasses and had already been to a place recommended by COSTCO. I felt I needed a second opinion because I did not see what the other place had seen. I checked reviews and decided on Alex Optical and sure glad I did. I would definitely recommend this place. When I need new glasses in a few months, I will forego my insurance and go right back to Alex Optical. I highly recommend them and moreover, I TRUST them.
I love ono! At first I had the thought that this place charges way too much for a plate, then I saw the portions. We ordered the Chicken Katsu meal and the Short ribs meal and it was enormous! The chicken was so crispy and went very well with the mountain of macaroni salad and rice (not to mention a bunch of katsu sauce). The short ribs were also delicious! They gave a generous amount and the marinade they used was perfect. We had so much left over I had it for another meal! I had recently gone to an expensive Korean BBQ restaurant that had "premium Angus short ribs" and I wish I had just gone to Ono instead! Haven't tried their spam musubi but I plan to in the near future!
Five stars due to this being the best Panda Express I've ever visited. The girl behind the counter was polite to the person in front of me OFFERING samples to them. When I stepped up she was super polite to me and offered me samples as well, and thanks to the sample I ended up getting the honey sesame seed chicken. Absolutely delicious. I asked for both noodles and rice and I expected the usual half-assed scoops of both but this girl hooked it up big time on everything! Despite all these bad reviews I will definitely be a repeat customer!
Excellent , very upscale jewelry boutique. They will custom make anything and did a wonderful job on my wedding ring. They were very patient through the process and I was impressed. They are only open 9-5 M-F so you really have to live a life of leisure or something to shop here. They just happen to be across the street from my office so I could go at lunch. Just as a hint of the customer base, Muhammad Ali is a regular and I saw him once while getting sizing done.
My date and I attended the IB Anderson's Nutcracker last night. I hadn't seen the Nutcracker since I was a little ballerina girl. It was an absolutely AMAZING performance with stunning set changes. The dancers were incredible and very fun to watch! I would recommend this event to people of all ages as a "Must see".
I have attended two performances at Ballet Arizona - Nutcracker and Giselle. Both were equally fantastic. The dancers are very talented, the music is wonderful and the productions are top notch. The sets for Giselle were as pretty to look at as the dancers. Symphony Hall is very nice as well. The chairs are comfortable and not too cramped like some other theaters. I felt classier just being in the audience. Thanks for a wonderful evening, Ballet Arizona!
If you're pregnant, or know someone who's pregnant, see Kelly for a prenatal massage right away! And if you're not pregnant or a man, see Kelly anyway! This is the best massage I've had, and here's why... Before the massage, Kelly explained how intense the massage would be, told me which areas she'd focus on, and she even demonstrated how to maneuver into and out of the pregnancy cushion. I appreciated that she took the time to make me comfortable, and I still got a full hour massage. I've had therapists use hot stones before and it was always underwhelming. They basically plunked them on my back, moved them around a bit, and that was it. I didn't even realize Kelly was using hot stones at first. I thought she had magic hand heating super powers. Turns out she just really knows how to use them rocks. I will be back as my belly (and aches) grow. I can't wait!!
The Book Gallery is not your typical book store. If you want just a basic retail book store, Borders-I shop a lot there-Bookstar, and that type are available. Book Gallery is something special. The inventory is of books that one probably isn't going to find in the other stores. Mike, the owner, buys books for people looking for something t more specific to the areas a person might be interested in. As to service, you can receive it at this store. The employees are more laid back and don't follow the (ninety second rule to say hello) most of the large stores are supposed to follow. The majority of the customers that come in are coming to this store to look for merchandise they won't find other places. It is enjoyable to see what gem is available there at any given time without being bothered. However, just ask. and the employees will go out of their way to find what you need from books small artistic items to music. I will admit that there is one employee I'd rather not have help me but that is a personality thing. At any time, they will call the Mesa store to see if they have something there and have it in Phoenix in a day or two. They also will keep an out for something if you ask. Mike, the owner, enjoys buying knickknacks, book ends, and just other small things that make delightful and unusual gifts. I have a friend that is just so hard to buy for. I found a small piece of De Grazia sculpture that I didn't even know was made. The very reasonable price surprised me. I expected to pay more because many of the things there you can't buy other places. I don't consider myself to be a snob. I have a great time shopping at Goodwill. I am realistic in knowing I should expect to pay more for something the owner has personally selected for some unique quality. Concerning the prices of the books in Book Gallery, they will depend on the merchandise you are considering. I happen to be a science fiction fan. I always find very reasonable prices on older paperbacks from two or three dollars and up. One day I found a signed copy of one of the Dune series and I paid considerably more. It only made sense. It cost more than the original price, but considering the author is dead, how many more are going to be signed-zilch, none! Besides, how many stores would have it available for purchase anyway.. This store has another quality that really appeals to me and that is plenty parking! It's a great place to go browse before or after going to one of the other interesting stores or restaurants in this small center. So I am a snob for shopping at a small unique bookstore with merchandise that isn't typical. Quality means more to me than quantity. I find quality at Book Gallery. Check it out!
As someone who knows Phoenix bookstores said to me, "they have great books.' That's the bottom line -- obviously excellent collections of rare antiquarian books find their way here. My only complaint is that the balance between the "secured area" of rare books in cases, and general used books on shelves, is tilted too far against access and towards security. It makes browsing a lot of work. Prices are very fair for the kinds of books they have.
I just had a fantastic bean and cheese burrito. The tortilla was so fresh and tasty. The beans were creamy and well spiced. There was the perfect amount of cheese. The meal was fast was well priced and the staff was friendly. The atmosphere was pleasant and clean. Great place!!!
I was at the club the other morning, grooming myself after my workout (you know, much like lions and monkeys...picking off the tic's and lice, smoothing my fur using saliva, etc.:-) and I thought to myself, "I need a haircut:-) BTW, if I can just digress for a moment...I see things at the club that no person should ever be subjected to...this particular morning was no different...an 85 year old, Grandpa Jones look alike, standing naked at one of the sinks, one leg up on the counter and shaving "himself" in places that I had trouble believing that anyone other him would care about...you just can't "un-see" that kind of thing:( If that describes you...please, for the love of god...go into a shower stall or something...I was blinded from seeing this and I spent the next twenty minutes stumbling along, asking for someone to just put me out of my misery, before I managed to grope my way into a shower and boil myself:) Anyway...I still needed a haircut...(or, I needed to reform my band from 1970...we played a very ragged version of "House of the Rising Sun"...and that's about all we played:) These days, my choice for sartorial reconstruction is V's Barber Shop...I used to go to Great Clips, but V's has won me back and won me back for good:) This location is everything I want in a great barber shop...a manly experience that simply cannot be duplicated at a "salon":) Nowhere near enough testosterone in any salon...even the unisex Super Clips and Great Cut's:) That's not the case at V's...it's all testosterone, all the time:) The barbers are all barbers...they may be stylists too, but first and foremost, they are barbers...they know how to cut hair for men and they know how to chat with guys like the great barbers I used to frequent in San Francisco and Portland. Lots of sports to talk about (and flat panel TV's with ESPN on at every station), plenty of magazines to read while I'm waiting for my call to action (and not a Cosmo or Vogue in sight:) and tons of wood paneling and manly smells (I mean witch hazel, talcum powder, etc....not "pull my finger" manly smells:) And, most importantly, they cut my hair correctly...all of the barbers and any of the barbers at V's do a good job...they cut my hair right...as right as my poor misshapen head will allow:) That's important to me, because (as I might have mentioned before), I'm not a "classically handsome" man...I'm a little bit "quirky looking"...and a decent haircut helps:) I'm pretty sure that a good haircut is the only thing that keeps the Beautiful Carin from second guessing herself and the (possibly drunken) decision making that led her to select me as her husband (no one ever believes that she proposed to me...I can't believe it myself...but that was a great haircut that I was sporting that day! :-) So I'm back at V's and I'm happy to swing by and get my "ears lowered" (a colloquialism that I suppose is lost in the mists of time) and talk football and golf and chicks and other guy stuff with my buddies at V's:) And if you need one, there are even post or pre-haircut cocktails available next door at the Arcadia Tavern...and believe me, sometimes quite a bit of alcohol is required to forget the horrors I've seen in the locker room at the Village:) "Involuntary Shudder"...
Annette Garcia fixed a major mistake of another salon on my hair - Yea Annette to the rescue. I walked out looking sassy and feeling better than ever. Then she suggested getting a new lipstick and the make-up lady found a new color that popped. Go here if you really want professionals that care about their work and how you look and feel!
The place is a nice backdrop for Jennifer "J" that does my hair. She is a fantastic colorist. I won't go to anyone else. Definitely worth the thirty minute drive.
Of all the Chipotle's I really like this one. The staff is exceptionally friendly and I don't think I've ever been in the place, and I've"ve been a lot, where they weren't meticulously cleaning the restaurant with soapy suds.
Having dined here for nearly 6 years .... Raising my children here every now and again we would feel like regulars. All excited to say what we wanted, down to how many pieces of rice and beans with half and half chicken/steak on our burrito bowl to share. Today I went in alone because my children are grown. It had been at least a year since I was there with my boys and the manager asked how they were doing. She recognized me! All those people she sees everyday, and she remembers me and my boys! That says a bunch about her relationship skills. My middle son, Justin T. Webb, had passed away when a wreckless driver failed to yield before turning left and I shared that with her after she had asked about them. She was touched and insisted on buying me my lunch. As usual, the food is fresh, the chips laced with sea salt and lime, and the interpersonal relationship skills of the female manager here was a "10"! Thank you for remembering us! Luana Joya Lucia
I have to give them a 5 for their Guacamole and chips. I am just in love with it. Everytime I go to the US, I have to go there. Cheap, super tasty and I love the salad bowl option they have (as I cannot eat wheat flour). The meat is always tasty and fresh and again .....their guacamole ....the best !!!! Always clean and fresh with friendly staff. Healthy fast food ..... Just wish that we had it in Canada !!
Right in my neighborhood, and I finally tried this little gem of a place! My gyro was fresh, flavorful, tasty - worth $.75 to add the feta. Service was good. I'll definitely be back for more. It's simple and small, great for lunch.
very sad to say that after 15 yrs, elie's is now closed for good. they were sweet people who served good food. i hope they are okay, and just retiring after working so hard for so long. thank you for all the years you were open.
Honestly I'd have to give the place 4 1/2 stars if it were an option. The pizza borders of great, but not quite there. Still, you's have to drive a good distance and pay a lot more for better. This place is our favorite neighborhood pizzaria hands down. Amazing that the chains like Dominoe's can even survive in our neighborhood with Slice of Sicily here. Give it a try!
What more can you ask for when you walk into this family run joint? The food is great and there are tons of regulars that it almost feels like a mini version of "Cheers". The white pizza is particularly fantastic!
I use FexEx Kinko's locations as my on the road office a great deal and of all the Phoenix locations I prefer this on the most. Last time I checked this was a 24 hour facility so the hours listed are incorrect.
I love this place. I do all my postal needs at the UPS store. The employees are so friendly and helpful. If you go in enough they will start to know you by name. They are also pretty quick - I rarely ever have to wait in line. Fun things you can do here: ship packages, buy stamps, copy paper, buy cards, get things notarized, they have PO Boxes, fax stuff and the list goes on and on....
This restaurant knows exactly how to make your tastebuds dance. The food was top notch and the service, impeccible. The duck and foie gras...to die for. Our server was so great and offered the perfect suggestions. We had polished off our bottle of wine before dessert and I hesitantly declined an after dinner drink. The waiter must of sensed this because upon my return from the ladies room to our table my husband informed me that our server brought me a complimenary drink. The ambience was romantic and I hope to return soon.
Excellent service from a New Jersey born bartender. Jason has been manning the bar at T Cooks for seven + years and certainly knows his clientele. Locals and hotel guests fill the lobby on a nightly basis and the live piano playing is icing on the cake. An even better treat than the live piano is the creme brulee cheesecake topped off with an espresso martini. However, start your night off with a glass of wine and any appetizer from the shrimp sliders to the foie gras. The fresh bread and pesto sauce is delicious, but don't fill up on it... save room for your choice of paella, scallops, filet, or duck - you can't go wrong. Even the $14 bleu cheese mushroom burger melts in your mouth. The resort itself is a secret 9 acre gem hidden in the heart of Phoenix. The unique old world architecture and lush grounds are the most romantic in the city... what other resort do you know that has a 'Director of Romance' on staff? Check it out... you will not be disappointed.
T. Cook's is my favorite restaurant in AZ thus far. I really enjoy the spanish colonial architecture, gardens, water fountains, patio, and charming walk-ways and courtyard. The ambiance is extremely romantic and puts me in a calming, reflective mood. I can seriously see myself getting married @ the Royal Palms. I've read some of the reviews and I've always had great service here. I remembered one of my dates had asked for a romantic corner to seat at and not only did they give us a romantic corner, but the hostess came with a basket of fresh rose petals and placed them all over our table. My date must have seriously thought he was going to get laid that night by just that gesture alone, but was mistaken, lol. Anyways, I love the lobster bisque-not too salty and just creamy enough. I've enjoyed the Asian pear salad, too which is flavorful and has great texture. But if you're looking for one appetizer to try, definitely get the sauteed shrimp & calamari in an organic yellow tomato sauce Fra Diablo. My mouth just started watering. It's not breaded calamari so it's healthier and also tastes better (5 stars). As for the main course: -Pan roasted duck breast with spiced confit pave, sage gnocchi & roasted butternut squash is 3 stars. I'm not much of a duck person, but the roasted butternut squash was to die for and the duck was tender. -Wood roasted "Pulet Rouge" checkan with a rosemary polenta cake, asparagus and Swiss chard is 4 stars. Any meat prepared wood roasted gives it a twist in flavor, which I appreciate. I usually ask for asparagus steamed so I'm not sure how the Swiss chard is (gotta watch my figure). -I've tried their fish (they change their menus from time to time), nibbled on my date's plates and everything has been really good. I want to try one of their pasta dishes next time when I'm not dieting. The bar area is also super sexy, sleek and mysterious. They usually have a live piano player at night. I seriously could come here weekly for just the calamari and architecture-it's like you're in another world besides the AZ desert. It's become my escape to mini paradise.
We ate here to celebrate our engagement during a weekend getaway to AZ. My fiance had coordinated with the restaurant beforehand to have rose petals and 2 glasses of champagne set for us before we arrived. The rose petals were fresh and a mix of red, yellow, and pink... beautiful colors! I ordered one of their fish dishes that came is a REALLY hot skillet, and I accidently burned my hand on the skillet. We saw one of the employees walking by, so we asked if he had anything for the burn, and he ran off looking for burn spray and bandaids. He was back in no time with everything I needed to treat the burn - amazing service! I THINK his name was Nick, but I can't remember. Good job, T Cooks!
Since moving to AZ we have gone to T. Cooks several times and each time it has been a lovely and delicious experience. It's my favorite place to go for brunch. It's pricey and it's not a huge Vegas style buffet but all items are high quality and delicious. Plus, you can order a la carte plus the buffet and the price is the same or just a bit higher than the buffet alone. I also enjoy the decor and ambiance. We went for dinner last night and oh my!!! It was outstanding! I knew what I was going to order ( I have an obsession with looking at menus online before hand) but they surprised me with a Farm to Table menu from Chef Lee. The "theme" was pork,yum! And to make it even better, 3 courses for $40. First course was pork belly with frisee greens and a poached egg. It was so goood!! A sprinkle of salt and pepper, crusty bread to scoop the egg and it was like breakfast :D Second course, braised pork filled ravioli with bacon, squash, pearl onions. It also had a bit of cheese (Brie?) on top. I loved every single bite of it! It was amazing, the sweetness of the squash, the salty bacon, creamy Brie and the perfectly cooked ravioli bursting with the braised pork was just heaven! Third course, goat cheese cheesecake with apple compote and caramel sauce. I'm not a huge fan of apple desserts but the compote was on the side. I never had goat cheese cheesecake before (surprising since goat cheese is one of my favorite foods:) and this was great, creamy, not as tart. A perfect ending! There was a nice lounge singer at the bar, which we were able to listen to while eating in the restaurant. Now that the weather is nice, dining on the patio was very enjoyable. I recommend T. Cooks without reservation. I'm already looking forward to my birthday brunch there!
T. Cooks is simply amazing in every way. We try to visit about once a year for special occasions. Beautiful resort, amazing food, extensive wine selection, and the service...wow the service....makes you feel like royalty!
I dream of the day I have enough riches that I can hang out in places like Royal Palms regularly. I mean the night I showed up, well it was night, but it was also pouring down rain, and even through all of that Royal Palms was pretty enough to make me stop and look around before rushing in out of the weather. I headed into the bar to meet up with a few folks and the interior is just a beautiful space - warm and welcoming, and very classy. Bring people here that you want to impress. I, of course, had to order a glass of champagne and the lovely server brought it right to me. Perhaps she sensed I had been delayed at the airport that day before arriving to Phoenix for 7 hours? Or more likely they are just very good at what they do here. We immediately ordered since it was so late and I started with a pear, pecan, and blue cheese salad. For my main course I choose a seared Irish salmon that was served with leeks, tomato gratin, and a pea puree. It was all fantastic, but the tomato gratin made me want to invite the chef to move to LA with me. I mean no way could I afford that now, but a girl can dream! We finished by sharing a couple of desserts and the one I chose was the Florale. It was made with lychee mousse and was quite light and just a bit tart. All in all a delicious ending to a delicious meal.
This review would be for the lounge only. I found out they offer Taco Tuesday here and I was in like so fast. For $2 I got a tostada thing with shredded tenderloin that was oh so tender with a deep fried egg and some jalapeno sauce. the service was spot on, they have the most delicious iced tea ever, and it's a beautiful place.
I really don't know what I could say to really give this place the review it deserves! T. Cooks was OUTSTANDING and above my expectations!!!! Hubs and I went here this past Monday for our 2 year wedding anniversary! We had never been and I had been wanting to try it out. We were shown to our table and they had rose petals scattered around, nice touch. Our waiter Dan was great. Full of knowledge about the wine selection and very personable. We started with crab cakes, I don't really eat crab, But I finished it off, so good! I loved the crispness of the out side of the cake and the sweet corn sauce it was placed upon. Next up was soup. Hubs got the lobster bisque and I got the nights special which was a cauliflower puree and cheese soup. AMAZING! I love that they bring the bowl out empty (well there is fun little accompaniments in there) and then pour the soup right there, very fancy. Out came the entrees. Hubs had the prime rib and I had the Dover sole. The fish was cooked perfectly. We ate until we were in a food coma. But that's not all, as it turns out a friend of ours waiters there, he wasn't working that night but called and told them it was our anniversary, hence the flowers on our table, as we did not tell them when we made reservations. They brought out a dessert platter on the house! It had about four different desserts on it and all were decadent! We really had a great time here and cant wait to go back!
Came here a few years ago and the food was great. Now we are back and the renovation is awesome and the food is still just as good! I recommend the risotto and the short braised ribs. If you happen to come when it's not too hot, sit outside and enjoy the beautiful landscapes that this resort offers. The outside eating area has misters to keep you cool.
I really wanted to be the first to spread the word that this Ross is the best discount store I have EVER been in. Damn you, Samantha O.! I went in today and probably spent about an hour looking around. I could NOT believe how well organized and attractive it was. I had to hold myself back from buying everything that I wanted!! No kidding. If you need anything for the house, check out this Ross first. They have so much stuff for the kitchen, it's unbelievable. The prices were as good as they get. They had the best selection of high quality cookie sheets and cutting boards, all for ten bucks or less! They also had lots of silverware, knives, and dishes. As far as clothes are concerned, it looked like their women's section was a lot better stocked than the men's. I did take note that they had about a thousand bra's. Just FYI ladies - get your brassieres at Ross!
This is the BEST hit or miss bargain spot for everything. I frequently find great deals on quality body care products (be sure you know how to read the labels, there's a lot of low quality products in the mix), designer sun glasses, shoes, clothing, housewares, baby shower gifts, pet gifts, and guy gifts. It seems I go at peak hours, where lines are incredibly long. I see it as a small price for Macy's quality at a Walmart price.
So far, I love these guys. I've only had to bring my dog here twice, but each time they were very caring and professional. The office is beautiful, clean, and has seemingly new/updated equipment. When my dog, Spartacus, was having an allergic reaction, they took him in immediately (on short notice), and got him the shots he needed to bring down his hives. The whole ordeal (visit cost + 3 different allergy shots) cost $110 and the antibiotics were only $22 (which they can fill in their in-office pharmacy). Overall, great value, caring doctors, great staff! They even called to check up on my dog a couple times after seeing him.
Ingleside Animal Hospital was able to accommodate my dogs for a same-day appointment, even though they had never been there before, out of concern for their health. We arrived about ten minutes early and were immediately escorted into the exam room. I was pleased with the hospital's service and cleanliness. For exams and antibiotics for both dogs, I walked out with a bill for the same amount I used to pay for one dog at my old vet.
Rarely do I give out five stars for hotels, but there you have it. A resort perfect in every way. My husband and I booked our stay for one night last Tuesday on the day of through the Hotel Tonight app. $100 for the room... truly a steal. There was an extra $30 resort fee tacked on that all guests must pay, and which pays gratuity for the valets and housekeepers, gives you access to the pool and fitness center, etc. The pool, by the way, is open 24 hours, which was so cool because we are such night owls and we totally had the pool all to ourselves at 1 in the morning. The pool also has floating rafts you can use for free, plus clean towels, comfy lounge chairs, cabanas, and bar service. The pool did not disappoint. The customer service was phenomenal. The woman who checked us in was very chipper and seemed genuinely happy to have us there, and one of the valets gave us the tour of the resort and showed us to our room. He was very helpful and kind. The room was decorated lovely, and although we had hoped for a king bed, we made do with the double beds we ended up with (apparently they were too booked to hook us up with a king bed). There is a large bathtub in the bathroom, but the wall next to it can be opened up completely, so it was like taking a bath in the bedroom. Really pretty and neat. Plus, they had candles set up, so you better believe your heiny I took advantage of those. My only qualm is that housekeeping came knocking at our door at 11 (check out wasn't until noon), successfully waking us up as we had gone to sleep really late the night before. My husband had to run to the door before they came in, as we were both *ahem* in the nude. He ended up stubbing his toe so hard in the process that his big toenail ripped off completely and therefore effectively ending our little staycation. Alas, missing toenail and all, an excellent experience in every way!
Ok, apparently I'm the one breaking ranks here. After I bought my house, I had a housewarming party and I bought a cake from Tammie Coe. It was 50 bucks and people said I was crazy for spending that kind of money on a cake. That was almost 2 years ago, and people still remember how awesome freaking good that cake was. My grandma sat on the back patio with a slice, a glass of wine and a cigarette and looked like she had died and gone to heaven. I don't remember if this location is like a caf. I don't think so. But she has a location on Roosevelt and 7th St. in downtown Phoenix and that one I believe does. All great cities need great desert shops, and Phoenix has one of the best.
Reopened today (3/4/2011)! That in and of itself is worth 5 Stars! New location is on Indian School, west of 44th St, on the south side of the road.
Mama Java...often the highlight of my day! Ok, so i might be a bit of a caffeine addict and while i am sure that contributes to feeling good almost every time i walk in the door at Mama Java, it is also the coffee and the staff that make me smile. Best coffee, truly! Jensy and Billie (the baristas) are sweet, fun, friendly and truly coffee prodigies. I am sure they will have their very own coffee shop someday soon but for now I am happy to give them my $4.06 everyday like clockwork!!
Love this place! They're so friendly and the coffee is fantastic. I'm a sucker for Starbucks because of the drive thru... but the more I visit Mama Java's the more I remember just how bad Starbucks really is. If you haven't visited this place yet, do it!
I've been a member of the Village since I moved to AZ in 2004 and I love 'em...all of 'em. But this is where I started and since the beautiful Carin and I moved back to Old Town Scottsdale a few months ago, we switched back to the Camelback location as our primary club (we have a membership that lets us use any of the clubs and we worked out mostly at DC Ranch and Gainey Ranch when we lived in north Scottsdale). The facilities are terrific and since they remodeled the Camelback location to bring it up to par with the others (and probably better than Gainey, although I do love the steam room at Gainey Village...sinks in the steam room, so that I can shave in the steam room...pretty sweet!). I am not a class taker. I have done the yoga classes a few times, but nothing other than that. The beautiful Carin is a class taker and loves the classes and the instructors. I am runner, cardiac and lifter kind of guy for the regular exercise and I play squash, all of the equipment is up to date and in good shape. The Village also does a great job on events for members. They just had a casino night that was really very fun, and included in the membership fees. They do all sorts of things like that from golf outings to ski trips to hikes in the Grand Canyon...a little something for everyone. Mostly, the people are why I give these clubs (and esp. Camelback) 5 stars...we have met some of the nicest people at the club. Some of the guys that I play squash with have become family friends, as well as some of the people that work at each of the clubs. The Village has a great feel and is, for my money (and it is my money, haha), the best club in AZ.
Pilates with Julie rocks
You just got back from the Bellagio in Vegas? "So what, I just got back from the Villagio." Contrary to popular belief, the Village is NOT an expensive gym. It's more like a cheap Country Club. That's really what it is minus the golf course. I've been a member for a long time and love it. Great classes with Great teachers. Even the yoga teachers are top notch, which is unusual for a "gym". Tons of tennis if you are into that. The backdrop of Camelback mountain is amazing. The weight room is adequate. There are certainly bigger and better ones. If you are a body builder, probably not for you. A couple of pools, BB court/ racquetball and a great cafe. Easy 5 stars.
This place is the top of the line and a great location, especially since we can't work out outside year round. This place is work the monthly expense, people are friendly and even the food is good!
I moved from L.A. to Phoenix a few years ago and missed the little cool small shop restaurant places with character. Le Grande Orange made me feel at home, and now that I'm back in L.A. I'm super psyched to find out there seems to be a new one opening in Pasadena. Does anyone know if this is the same owners? Looks like it. I HOPE SO!!!
i am begining to think they don't sell anything short of amazing. french pancakes- stellar turkey stacked sandwhich- stellar choco pudding- beyond stellar they even have curb side which i love when i swing by during my lunch break. i just love this place!
You can find me here every Wednesday morning for breakfast. I am a fan of their simple breakfast. Scrambled eggs breakfast (comes with fruit and toast) with a side of bacon. It's just a basic breakfast, but they do a great job with it. I may also enjoy the daybreaker, a pastry, or the granola. My mother is a fan of the french pancakes, and the croque madame. The staff is very nice early in the morning, and over the past year or so we have gotten to know them well enough that they know what I am going to order. They even know that my mother likes her latte without a lid because the foam costs 2 dollars (her logic is that milk is free and espresso costs $2, so $2 must be going to the foam). They recently have changed their methods, and have properly trained their baristas, of making espresso. It has improved tremendously. I look forward to my breakfast every Wednesday, and a great way to start my day and enjoy the AZ mornings.
Always very busy, and a 35 min drive for me to get here since I live in gilbert but really, I dont even care. Everything about this place it so worth it. The important part though is, their coffee! Best coffee I have ever had ever. They have a yummy breakfast menu, everything I have every ordered is yummy, including their crepes! Lunch is good, and have to try their pizza!! I always saw a couple of Phoenix sun's players there, which is nice also since I am a suns fan.
I love this place, and the wait is well worth it. If you are not a fan of waits, crowds or good nosh or novelty food, then La Grande Orange is not for you. But those among you with a versatile and educated palate will enjoy all they have to offer!
I went here while on vacation. Beautiful cakes in the display case! Neato gift items. Yummy food. I was very happy that they were able to remake my salad without cheese. I loved every bit of this place.
Have you ever dreamed about a restaurant you visited,, and wanted to go back no matter that it was 2000+ miles away? This is one of those. I want to go back, NOW. The pastry, the orange juice, the eggs. yum. you need to go and try it. I believe it's worth the money ( not cheep). The only big down side is the lack of parking and line.
Had their red velvet cupcakes (the ones from LGO, not from the cake shop), and they're amazing!!! I had to bring some home back to CA with me. Really wanted to eat here too but the place was pretty packed Sunday morning. Will have to come back and try their food next time.
My addiction started with neighboring Misfit in Santa Monica. I had no idea LGO was a small group of restaurants originally started in Phoenix. After many, many excellent Misfit meals I decided to eat my way through each of their unique dining experiences back to the original which I believe is LGO Grocery. Here, my favorite Kale salad with the awesome grapes sits in a plastic container to go for only $7.50. It doesn't look happy, so I snag one along with an ahi sandwich to share. Eating here could be an adventure, but we missed the lunch rush. Choices are the floor of the grocery, (bad idea), the restaurant which isn't open yet or the 96 degree beautiful day. Hmmm.....the empty restaurant seems logical. Here, I find china, silverware, drinks, glasses, ice, etc and I'm able to correct the presentation of the wonderful kale salad which makes it taste much better! The ahi sandwich is a first---I've never seen in in the Pasadena LGO (a completely different concept), or the Luggage Room (also in Pasadena). LGO Grocery also sells Italian recipe authentic homemade gelato. Incredible! Oh, and did I mention there's a coffee bar with great coffees and a knowledgeable barista! Wow, the only thing I missed was the cookies, but the raspberry and espresso gelatos were wonderful as was the entire experience. As for the store, cute stuff, nice food items and an excellent wine selection. There was a lot of rare Northwest Pinot Noirs, Red Blend and other favorites. Apparently, free corkage during happy hour, too! Now, I understand the genesis of Misfit and next stop is Chelsea's Kitchen. Food 5 star Ambiance 5 star Staff 5+ star
New Guatemalan blend is my favorite. :-D Mmmm! I'm here way too often, but I like it.
I LOVE it here. The grocery area of LGO has so many fun, interesting little things to look and buy while you're waiting in the long line to get breakfast. I've bought several cards and little gifts for people here. Though I have come here for breakfast, lunch and dinner, my favorite thing to come here for is breakfast. Be forewarned though, on weekend mornings it is ALWAYS packed. It is going to be LOUD and CROWDED and you are going to have to STAND and WAIT for a while. AKA- don't go here when you're hungover or bring a hungover individual because they will NOT enjoy it (too much hustle and bustle when you're feeling weak/sick). It reminds me of some cafes/groceries I've been to in Europe which I think makes me like it even more. All of the breakfast items are delicious. The commuter sandwich is yummy. I like it with avocado, lox, or turkey, it's good no matter which way you get it because of their amazing English muffins. The day breaker and eggs to order are other faves of mine. I like to snag a picnic table outside and eat out there. Their iced tea is also really good and they serve it with an orange slice instead of a lemon slice.. YUM. They have a great wine section too with lots of different options. And HUGE plus...they are always playing GREAT music....namely Minus the Bear...my favorite band!
I accidentally reviewed this restaurant instead of their airport location. The airport location was amazing and delicious with a ton of vegan, gluten free options. If I'm ever in Arizona, I will definitely check out the regular restaurant.
Time for an update on one of my favorite Phoenix places to eat, grab a bottle of vino or a clever gift! This last trip I did two out of the three! I had a delicious lunch and grabbed some gifts. I have to say that if I owned a restaurant, it would be just like LGO. I love this place and am always happy to be in LGO, whether perusing the wine or the groovy items in the store. I am the MOST happy when I am eating some yummy food. For years, I have been mildly obsessed (my friends will know I am underplaying my obsession) with the commuter sandwich. It is so very good. Pretty much perfection. The delicious English muffin, the eggs, bacon, tomato and mayo. It rocks my world! This trip, I tried something new (gasp!). I was also so happy I did and will now have some debating to do when I am having a bite to eat at LGO. This time I had the brown rice bowl. I was opting for something on the healthy side. This dish was some seriously tasty ingredients combined in a bowl. Such great flavor! As usual, I look forward to my next trip to Phoenix and my visit to LGO!
La Grande Orange Grocery is always good to me. I love the baked goods especially the old timer cupcake and slice of red velvet cake! I have yet to have anything here that doesn't make my taste buds sing. The folks that prepare food at La Grande Orange are consistently putting out great food. Breakfast, lunch and dinner it doesn't matter, the rich coffee drinks and commuter sandwich and in the morning on their homemade English muffins. The beautiful salads and scrumptious sandwiches for lunch and for dinner their delicious pizzas and burgers and don't forget their perfect sangria that will sneak up on you by the second glass; you win with whatever you choose. I have learned going early or around 5pm I don't have too much trouble with parking and when the front lot is full then their is always the valet option. , When I want great food LGO is the place I go! Ooh and don't forget to save room for the gelato
Love Love Love this place! They use fresh ingredients and the pizza is absolutely amazing. I have never been disappointed with anything I have eaten here. The atmospher is nice but depending on the day and time it can get pretty crowded. The price is a little expensive, but it is worth it!
LGO is amazing!! They have amazing breakfast, lunch, and dinner! I have been there many many times and have yet to be disappointed!
Top Quality Cigars, accessories and staff. They know their stuff and they don't make you feel stupid when asking questions. It's a huge store and once they get their liquor license, it will just add even more to the ambiance.
Did not realize that Target sold Mobile Phones and did not expect much employee knowledge of those said mobile phones. I was wrong. The employee at this target store could have schooled any Sprint employee and she managed to transfer all my photos and contacts without even disappearing into the back for 45 minutes. Target usually has a machine to do all this, but it wasn't available. Also, the price of the Galaxy 4 was $50 cheaper than any other place I have ever seen ($149 on sale) and no stupid rebate was needed. Phone works and it was a smooth transaction with a good employee.
Oh, what a glorious establishment! I don't think there is any room to say anything new after over 50 reviews. I think my fellow Phoenicians pretty much have it taken care of. However, I will second that the wine is great as is the bruschetta. I'm not sure you can write a review of Postino and not mention the bruschetta. I'm ready to go back for lunch and try something else off of the menu and also take advantage of the $5 wine. Yum!
I love this place, whether it's to meet friends for happy hour or to grab a quick dinner and some wine. The bruscetta is to die for and I have now seen many restaurants trying to replicate. The wine list is reasonable with great values! I find the crowd to be pleasant and generally professionals. However, if you are generally offended by well-dressed adults, then perhaps you might want to stay away. This is a great place!
I travel to PHX for business and this is my place to unwind and have some great food. Came here twice and loved it. I actually finished a whole bottle of wine with a co-worker once and that wine was DELISH. The only downfall to this place is that it's a little pricey (as in LA or SF pricey) -- a small sandwich was $10. It was a little shocking since I was expecting PHX to be slightly cheaper than those areas. Other than that, a great date place or a place to chill with co-workers.
Another of my favorite winebars (which is hundreds of miles away). I used to hang out with work friends for "happy hour"; the great part is we would drink and talk for hours and never once felt rushed to empty the table. My absolute favorite dish is their caprese sandwich and potato soup...the potato soup is cream, perfectly made, and full of flavor!
After my Radio Milano experience, my friends and I decided to get a wine nightcap at Postino. I was already tired, but still wanted to hang out. This was my 2nd time at Postino (first time was for drinks and dinner) We just wanted wine this time...we ordered 2 bottles. (I sound like a lush) The bar closed at 11pm, which I thought was odd...on a Saturday night I thought it should be later. But the server said that enjoy all we want and we can order all we want until then. They will so not kick us out. I just love the atmosphere of this place. I don't feel that I am in a pretentious crowd and the service is so on its mark. There is a chance that I will be there for New Years...and if so...update!!!!
Great wine selection,cozy atmosphere, excellent service and great food. Its nice to find someplace out side of Scottsdale, nicer than most wine bars in Scottsdale without the SD attitude! Love it!!
Its hard to put into words what makes Postino so enjoyable. The bruschetta/sandwhiches/salads are great, the wine is great, the staff is great, and the building is great. But Postino is even better than the sum of its parts. The view out of the big open garage doors is relaxing and chill, the staff has a cool Urban Outfitters-type vibe, and.... my favorite... $5 wine before 5pm (or $5 pitchers)!!! Three out of every four Sundays my wife and I are there around 4, sharing a bittersweet moment reminiscing about the weekend that passed and discussing the work week to come. Yesterday she said "I wish we could find a Postino on every vacation we take." I think that sums it up - I always feel like I'm relaxed on a little vacation when I'm at Postino.
LOVE the brushetta! Great location - fabulous service - and nice wine selection!
I really love this place and it seems like everytime I go it's packed so the word is out on this great wine cafe, the bottom line is get the bruschetta and enjoy your favorite wine with friends in this nice environment for socializing and enjoying your favorite vino.
I have been to this Arcadia location a handful of times. Each time I got the same thing because on Monday, and, I believe Tuesday nights, they feature what is probably the best deal in the world. For $20 you get a BOTTLE of wine, your choice, from a long list, and a large plank of four different sets of specialty bruschetta. The ambiance is upwardly-lounge-casual; perfect for both a date night or meeting friends after work.
Fantastic bruschetta. And $5 glasses of wine during some lunch time happy hour thing (I can't recall the times though). I really enjoy the food here, and it's pretty cheap for what you get (a lot of food). They have free valet parking if you can't find any parking on the street.
My sister had been talking about how great this place is, but it's a little out of the way for me so I didn't get a chance to check it out until recently. WOW! It totally lives up to the hype! I'm from the east coast and miss "mom & pop" type restaurants that are charming and unique. This place totally made me feel at home. Not only was the food incredible (we got 4 types of bruschettas and the meat/cheese board), but the presentation was great too! It was just enough food for a late dinner and wasn't outrageously priced. It was a good crowd of people too... "normal"! I didn't see any NoSco Cougars, Downtown Hippies or Old Town D-bags. A welcomed change! The ambiance is perfect! Dim lighting, eclectic decor, awesome patio and even cute little touches like the pieces of paper they have to put your gum in - LOVE IT! I'm hooked for sure!
Love this place!! great ambiance, $5 glasses of wine til five. Bruchettas are amazing, salads as well. The service staff ( Miles & Josh) are awesome! Very friendly and helpful. A ++
Beautiful people, tasty Brushetta, good wine all go well with the good weather. No complaints, but this place could you an early acoustic jazz happy hour a little more regularly. Great place in the sun!
I miss Postino! I moved from Phoenix about 8 months ago and every time a happy hour is needed, I think if only I could have Postino tonight... Phoenix, enjoy this place- go often- eat lots of Bruchetta and raise a glass of wine to celebrate ANYTHING. Take it from me, a girl who missed her favorite place...there isn't another place quite like it. The atmosphere, the servers, the comfortable patio and wonderful selection of wines to choose from make Postino Arcadia a 5 star location!
I have not located a better place to drink wine and enjoy bruschetta anywhere else in the world. The food and wine selection are fantastic and the staff keep if flowing!!!
This place is great! One of my all time favorites! The decor is so nice, romantic, and relaxing. I love how the restaurant is open to the outside making it a great place to sit wherever you may be seated! The patio is great with small tables and flowers. This place is good for a date, happy hour, or just hanging with friends. My favorite food to eat here is the bruschetta. I highly recommend the bruschetta! My favorites are: Prosciutto with Figs and Mascarpone Roasted Peppers with Goat Cheese Burrata, Bacon, and Arugula with tomatoes Goat cheese and jam Some specials they offer are wine by the glass or a pitcher of beer is $5 before 5pm everyday and Mondays and Tuesdays have specials with bruschetta and a bottle of wine for $20, but it will be busy. You will LOVE this place!!!
The food here is amazing. I recommend the bruschetta to all first time visitors. You won't be disappointed.
The mailman delivers! What a cool place that at one time was an old post office. Great and I mean great bruschetta. A staff that really knows their wine and points you in the right direction. A really cool and hip crowd, with the exception of me of course! An unbelievable playlist. Definitely a place where you can hang for hours.
My favorite place for a date and conversation. The decor is unique since it was a restored post office. Lots of lounge and table type seating.Try the bruschetta board! I always order the sweet tomato jam and sheep's milk, ricotta and dates, apples and brie, and salmon/pesto. Consistently great food & drinks. Service has more spunk and personality at this Postino location too. Try the cucumber lemonade if you don't like wine or just plain water. If you order wine and it isn't happy hour, you can easily spend more than $30 on yourself. However, I think it is worth it, and I always leave full and happy. Thanks Postino!
Noone does bruschetta like postino. Figs, goat cheese, brie, salmon, capers... just some of the ingredients you might find on their bruschetta. And, you can mix and match. The 5 dollar glasses of wine for happy hour are great. The ambience in all of the restaurants owned by this group are amazing. Its similar to Windsor, but with different food. It's the kind of place you have a great time hanging out on because the clean/modern/hip atmosphere rubs off on you! Highly recommended
I cannot even begin to say enough great things about Postinos! Great food (try the artichoke bruchetta...yummy) , great service, great prices, and a wonderful atmosphere! If you haven't been there, you are missing out!
Can't believe I am saying this...but I wish we had a place like this in Sac! I visited Postino's last week during my visit to Phoenix. Didn't know exactly what to expect but I walked away knowing i would miss it. My friend and I ordered the sparkling Rose wine along with an order of their Brushchetta. Oh delicious! The way their bruschetta menu works, is you choose 4 toppings for $12.75. It is served on full, thick slices of delightfully soft, perfectly crusted Italian bread. My favorite was the Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone (favorite). Although I also ordered the mozzarella and basil....I didn't care for it as it sat next to the first variety. :) Yummo! The best part is...on Monday and Tuesdays, there's a special! Our total would have been about 45 bucks (bottle of wine roughly $25 and Brushchetta $12.75), we walked away paying a little over $20! Can't wait to come back to Phoenix for this little haven. :) If you are a local patron, stop by. You won't regret it. :)
Postinos is one of my favorite places to go monthly for a light dinner and wine. I get the bruschetta every time and I am never disappointed. The servers are always very knowledgeable on wine and will give you a great suggestion. I have had some of their Panini's and soups and those were also delicious! The Arcadia location is also my favorite Postinos to go to; I love the atmosphere.
Very classy. And a classic. Not for a big dinner or a party over 10. Small group, small bites, share a bottle, maybe a cheese board; a guaranteed good time. They have beer too. Great beer.
Yum. Can't beat the Monday/Tuesday special. Their bruschetta is mind-blowing! Parking is rough, but the complimentary Valet are always friendly. Definitely worth the crowd!
I love, love, love this place. The Bruscetta is fantastic. It is such a great place to go and just relax, grab a bite, wine and chill. This is one of my favorite restaurants in town. Try the red pepper bruscetta and the fig & proscuitto it is amazing!
Arcadia area is very cool and Postino fits right in
Beautiful food and beautiful people at a great price. Can't beat that. $5 pitchers at happy hour. I had the chicken & mozzarella panini. It was delicious.
This restaurant occupies an old post office on a quaint corner in a residential neighborhood. The menu is simple, mostly bruscettas and salads. I prefer going before 6pm when wine is $5. a glass. During the nice weather the door opens out to the patio and you can even bring your dog. The waitstaff are all friendly and there is no bad table. Don't walk, run!
Outstanding! A Valley Legend! This is one of my all time favorite Valley restaurants. Great food, very warm and friendly service, and great drinks. Might I suggest the Pollo Cubano or the Cho Cho. The latter may be one of the best kept secrets in Arizona. We need more restaurants like Havana!
Perfect place for a special night out with your favorite person. My BF and I had our first date here- it has a cozy, mom and pop shop type of feel and the service was great. The servers were helpful with their recommendations. We have been here several times and each time we order something different. So far my favorite thing on the menu is Ropa Vieja - juicy beef in a tomato based sauce. **Mouth watering** Any time I have visitors, I take them to this spot. If you like good Cuban food or want a pleasant and warm place for dinner and good conversation. This is it.. Happy Eating
I love JT's. The food is outstanding. The wings are uber alles. That guy Omar hates your guts. He hates my guts too. He hates everyone's guts. It's part of the charm. Go there, but don't take my fucking seat. I'm hungry.
Congratulations to JT's for being voted Best Neighborhood Bar Food by Phx New Times!. I'm a devoted regular at JT's and I love going there. They weren't when I started going, but the bartenders, their sig' o's, and many of the other regulars are now friends of mine. The wings are EPIC! I get the Hot wings, but sometimes I'll go Teryaki Hot and have them double dipped. Messy as hell, but so delicious. The steaks on Wednesday are always great, and Julio keeps mine nice and rare. Perfect. It's a great place to chew the fat with a friend. You can also just walk in by yourself and spark up a conversation with just about anyone there. Be careful with JT though. He is a man of few words, and if you annoy him, he'll likely say 'Fuck you, go home'. (The phrase is actually on the menu, FUGH, somewhere near 'DUH'. Anyway, just food, just booze, or both...you'll have a great time. And the bartenders are definitely easy on the eyes...just don't be creepy or they might knock you out.
BEST WINGS EVER!!!! Service is slow but it's worth it! Burgers are good too but the wings are outstanding!
My favorite local bar, hands down, for the past going on 15 years now. JT's is the diary I don't keep (for good reason). I can always go in and pour my heart out to one of the girls while they pour me a Jack and Coke. Best chicken wings on the planet too. And John Taylor's like family to me. Make sure you pop in when Beth is behind the counter. She's a doll and a good listener! I don't have enough love in my heart for this fine establishment. Oh yeah, and if you can't deal with true dive bar bathrooms, do not go here! Just part of the John Taylor charm, if you ask me!
My friend and I both went at the same time to the Optique Center at Tatum and Shea in Phoenix. The store was very clean and well stocked. (I must have tried on 100 pairs and didn't even touch 1/2 of them). The technician was extremely friendly and thorough, as well as the doctor, and we did not wait long. The staff was extremely solicitous, I would rarely rate a store five stars, and don't know all of them, but have been to three of their stores so far. (I have several children). It is good to have your paperwork done in advance. Good job Nationwide! Holly
The must-try on Desert Jade's menu is the Hot & Sour Soup. It is the best I've had anywhere, by far! Filling, delicious and has a little kick - the hot & sour soup is great to order at the restaurant or to pick up and take home. Desert Jade has definitely improved my "comfort food" repertoire, so long chicken-noodle soup, you have been replaced for good!
I love this place. "Kung Pow" Shrimp is to die for.
Oh. My. Damn! I effing love this place! I've been a lot and have always had great food and good service. The oysters are a must have app, with a little squeeze of lime and a dash of salt...my mouth is watering now! The little woman and I both usually get one of their cocktails (shrimp, octopus, squid, snail) served with chips and some avocado. The shrimp ceviche is another favorite, nice and limey. The last few times, however, my gal ordered fish. I believe it was cooked in garlic and butter and came with rice and beans and it was phenomenal! Sometimes they have live mariachi music, which just adds to the greatness!
Wally's is fab. The decoration is like a classy den with some memorabilia and Americana, but nothing overbearing or tacky. Very casual and convenient, the bartenders are very friendly, and the place is seemingly run by people all very comfortable and familiar with each other (something I really like). Great beers on tap, some super wines, and the food is above average (lots of variety... think Village Tavern with an edge). It's popular with Arcadia residents, but is still politely tucked away, so you rarely have to worry about the crowds. They also stay open until everyone leaves, so getting a big party in late may not be a problem.
God this place is good. Stepping into their dinning room is like being with friends. It's quaint and comfortable and the servers are always friendly. As for the food, it is equally as enjoyable. The mac n cheese is to die for and the fish n chips is the best I've had in the valley. Their homemade tartar sauce is what really sets them apart. It's a little tucked away, but quite the gem.
I was so sad when my favorite leather flip flops broke! I had them in my car for about two months before I realized that right next to the new fresh & easy on 40th and Camelback was a shoe repair. I went in the guy said "no problem I can fix this" and said it would be ready the next day. I came back the next day and not only were they fixed to perfection they were polished and beautiful and looked new. I will definitely be going back! Oh and did I mention it was all done for $14.95, pretty good.
I had to take a friend here a few years ago and they were great...very gentle with her and supportive. She had already gotten a pregnancy test at Planned Parenthood (in another state) but when she spotted, she thought she might not be pregnant anymore so I took her here. PP had offered her $100 to help pay for an abortion at another clinic (they didn't do them in that state) and my friend didn't want one. She asked for help if she didn't get an abortion and they scoffed and said there were other places for that. Well, I guess we found the other place. This place was so helpful. My friend's pregnancy was definitely not her first choice, but under the circumstances, this center made it a lot easier and they respected her choice to carry the baby and didn't judge her.
My puppy's trainer recommended Dr. Bracken's office. He and his staff are great! They are kind and genuinely care about the pets they treat. I won't take my pets anywhere else from now on.
Me and the my 2 boys have been going to CHC for along time. We dont let the girls in the family go because it's "the boy place". Everything on the menu is great! And the chocolate malts? never had a better one! Fire dogs are perfect, the owner is always helpful. But.........dont think that you will get a parking space or a seat around lunch time cause the customers are lined up out the door. This place is truly a gem.
Best sliders in Phoenix so 5 stars cause its as good as it gets.
This place is amazing. cheap but great food and really nice staff. the place has a great atmosphere with old Chicago stuff. Their hot dogs are great. I personally love the chili dog. The sliders are great too and the french fries are the type that are amazing when warm but are still amazing when there cold. You can also get authentic cheese fries, which accordingly to my girlfriend (a Chicago native) is nearly impossible in Phoenix. This is one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix. We go to it at least 3 times a month.
Maybe the best Chicago-style hot dog in the city. Hot thick fries. The banana milkshake is a winner. Friendly counter staff and fast service. Fun old Chicago sports and Blues decor. Parking can be difficult at lunch.
This place was awesome!! It took maybe 15 minutes for an oil change and they cleaned the windows. Very efficient. I will definitely be going back.
If you're new to the Valley and have absolutely no idea what grows here, come to Baker's. If you've lived a long time here, know what doesn't shrivel to a dead dry crisp as soon as the thermometer hits 100 and are looking for plants and shrubs and trees, come to Baker's. If you're just really, really into flora, come to Baker's. Sometimes, hubby and I just drive over to spend a couple hours nosing around all the great stuff here--like roses, garden ornaments [not just plants], herbs, and lots of useful advice. All the folks who work here know their stuff and have probably been working here since they were kids themselves. We've even purchased an apple tree that thrives in Phoenix and produces little apples from Baker's!! So green up your thumb and get yer yard stuff here.
I still think that Baker's is the best nursery in the Valley. For business reasons I literally go from what it seems from North to South and a lot of places otherwise. I deliberately stop in at a lot of nurseries, so have a lot to compare with when I say that. I like growing things and in the middle of a busy day a few minutes at a nursery can be a nice break. All in all, Baker's, it seems to me, still provides the best personal service. They know their product and will work for you at whoever your knowledge level is. They are also very good about checking with you to help you find what you want. I like that as looking all over is something I don't always have time for. This is as opposed to one of their competitors where they could find you dead of a heart attack at the end of the day when they were closing and wonder where you came from! Speaking of Big box stores as to going to a local nursery like Baker's... There is a place for the big box stores and I'd be a liar if I didn't say I haven't bought plants there. What happened on Wednesday, though, reminded me of why usually I'd rather just at start at Baker's. I was looking for a a particular variety of a certain plant. I saw the plant but not the variety I wanted. I was told they didn't have it. I happened to see a representative of one of the big plant companies that supplies the big box stores. I can tell you from past experience these people are a different breed! I know to handle them very carefully as they usually they just don't want to be bothered. There job is to get the product out there and be on there way, I guess. I asked him if his company supplied this variety. I specifically told him I'd be happy to buy his brand if he had them. He said they didn't. When I said it wasn't that important as I was sure I know where I could get them, he asked where. When I said Bakers, you'd have thought I had said an evil word. From the look I got, he must consider this one local nursery to be a threat to his major brand? I bought the specific variety I wanted at Baker's this afternoon and the price was more reasonable than for the common variety at the big box store to boot!
Awesome selection of plants. Love coming here.
This has to be the best Thai food I've had in Phoenix. Their vegetarian hot and sour soup is divine! We came upon the restaurant by a friend's suggestion. When we pulled up and noticed how small and crowded the joint was I was a little concerned that we wouldn't get a table, but after a short wait we were seated and our server was very friendly and fast. We recommend this restaurant to all of our friends that like Thai food!
Don Jose's was in business for over 41 years. A young man had a dream to open a restruant with good, consistent and affordable mexican food where families could come and enjoy a delicious meal with-out breaking their bank. And that is just what Joe Elias did. Yes, the food was always excellent. The service was good, because you were dealing with the owner himself, or one of his daughter's or son. The decor, was well, second in his mind. Don Jose knew you came for the food, and not the frills of fake flowers etc. Don Jose did what he could to keep the costs down, so that you could keep eating great food--several times a week if you wanted. Today, Don Jose is well into a retirement age. He vacations in cooler places when he can. He relaxes more, and worries less, but he still thinks of you, and he wants you to know how very grateful he is that you appreciated what he did, and why he did it. You were all his family. I know how to get that great enchilada sauce. If you are interested, Drop a note under the now closed door, and someone will contact you.
I've been coming here ever since I was a wee little kid. Don Jose's is a family favorite and we wouldn't keep coming back if they weren't doing something right! The hot sauce is the best I've ever had at a Mexican shindig before and I've yet to find another place that can even compare to theirs! Love love love, yes triple love.
The BEST chain store in The Valley to purchase your Urban fishing supplies from. Other chain stores sell fishing crap cookie-cutter across the country, but Big 5 has exactly what you need to fish around Phoenix and in individual small packaging at great prices. You don't have to buy assortments and unrelated fishing item kits like at other places. For example, bought 3 bait-holding catfish treble hooks for $1.49, 6 half-ounce egg sinkers for $.99, and 8 medium swivels for $.99. Also, bought a cheapy spare rod/reel for $15, and the thing works great. They also have a bunch of portable chairs, including some with sunshades for cheaper than anywhere I've seen. $10 for just a chair and $30 for the chair with the built-in canopy. They also have fresh night crawlers and meal worms.
Awesome, great store and service! You are now my furniture. I went to Pruitts to look at dining tables but my eyes betrayed me...they wandered to look at a beautiful, fluffy, comfortable mattress whispering zzzzzzz's to me. I sat down, bounced a bit, then a salesman came by...i felt the hair on the back of my neck raise as I was about to tell him "i'm just looking" (leave me alone), but before I could get a word out he said "It looks like you want to test out the mattresses, my name is -----if there is any thing you need I'll be near by, just let me know" and he walked by. Oh?....I wasn't sure how I felt, a bit abandoned? shocked,? but atlas I... I felt a burden lifted, I was free I could lay around, avoid the chit chat and discomfort of knowing a sales"man" was watching me roll around on a mattress. Two and a half, yes, 2.5 houre later I walked away buying a set. I love my new mattress. Now my next purchase is to find that dining table, wow, what a selection of styles and price ranges, It gives me lots of options, I like that.! THANK YOU Pruitt's!
I almost bought nothing. Seriously. Air. Air is free here! (No quarters required.) But! So is service. Service with a smile (and laughter) made my visit very enjoyable. I had been dropped off to have my little old knee scooter filled up with air. Even though I purchased it elsewhere, the staff was more than happy to help me pump my little guy up. Like I said, with a smile! I was having such a good time I explored the store. And of course I had to pick up some fancy pants bike bells. Yes, I bought TWO. With glitter thankyouverymuch. (I'm renting an indoor knee scooter. Then the interwebs showed me the way and I purchased an off road version. Woot!) I've passed by this place a ton of times while living here. Can't wait to come back when I have both of my feet in action! Love the staff! Good peeps!
Pretty much what everyone else here said (which is why I went).. Fast, affordable, thorough, friendly.. what more can you ask for? Definitely will recommend for anyone looking for watch repair or just a simple battery change.
The best. Hands down. Cash ONLY. Pros: -Owner is very experienced, knows his stuff. He fixed the clasp on one watch in under 5 mins and cleaned it for me. Replaced the battery in another and polished it for me too :-) -VERY reasonable prices. -Honest. I haven't found anyone like him in CA, and I'm super picky. Cons: -None. Verdict: He is the only person I will have service my timepieces from now on. He is extremely knowledgable.
Ray and Diana are the best eyewear people on the planet. This is a local business that gives back to the community. In addition to selling really cool glasses the store is so much fun. Diana also sells candles that are manufactured locally by the Candle Factory. Ray Eyewear is unique, unlike any other eyeglass store you've ever been to. They offer encouragement and sound advice, which makes them confident you'll find the frame that catches your eye.....perfectly! Voted the Phoenix New Times "Best of Phoenix " and "AZ's Best" by the Arizona Republic
These guys are rock stars! They have the perfect balance of personality and professionalism. Adam met me on my way in and made the experience flow smoothly. Larry finished it off great, I love discount tire!
I see Dr Clark and Dr Corcoran here as my primary physicians and have since high school. They're both very efficient and warm people - ideal doctors. It's an older neighborhood near their office so I'm usually a LOT younger than the patients waiting, but besides that its a normal great office!
I have been a loyal customer of owner, Chris Sandoval for 25+ years and wouldn't think of going elsewhere. Chris is gifted - his cuts are so creative and he knows color unlike anyone else! Salon is recently remodeled and looks great. Aveda products rock and there is so much talent there you can't go wrong. Whether you choose Chris, Alyssa! Rachel or some of the newer staff, Chris himself trains everyone. He has high standards and is incredibly creative. One of my daughters is flying in from California next week just so she can have her hair cut there again since she said she hasn't had a really good cut since she left Salon Sandoval. I intend for my 18 month old grandson to get his first cut there. Give them a try. You will not be disappointed! Love love love
The manager for this place should teach customer service classes. I have used this place for a year and always been wowed by the service (shame on me for never writing a review until now). Then Monday am act of kindness on top of a year of great service made me realize I owe it to them. My car battery died in front of the building and 2 of their staff members came outside to assist and make sure I was taken care of. Talk about going above and beyond. This was over the top. They are great everyday but that was giving 120%!!!
I love Italian restaurants, and this one did not disappoint. The atmosphere was outstanding - quiet, quaint and relaxing. The service was great as well. Our server was friendly, knowledgeable and right there when we needed her. And the food was delicious. Our appetizers, entrees and desserts were just to die for. I honestly can't wait to go back.
Came here for a graduation celebration. The family has been coming here since the owner has opened - 17 yrs I think he said? We came as a party of 30 people and we had the place to ourselves for lunch since they are only opened for dinner. They knew the owner that well. Everything was great. The owner is definitely a people person and was on top of things. Even his staff was great. We started with appetizers. The ravioli was ok. Think it was handmade. I'm not a fan usually so just ok to me. The calamari was good - pretty standard though. I liked the mozzarella caprese b/c they had it with sauteed peppers and olives. Bt those 3 and the bread, we had a meal right there. For the entree I had the Chicken Imperiale with Mixed Vegetables - chicken stuffed with fresh crab and shrimp topped with a light mushroom sauce. This came recommended by the mom. It was SO good! The chicken with the crab and shrimp were done well but it was the mushroom sauce that had me. It wasn't too thick or overwhelming. So flavorful. I could just eat that with the bread and I'd be happy. I had leftovers and asked the server if I could have extra sauce. He didn't think so since they make it fresh. When he brought me back my food wrapped up, I found out that they had MADE me extra sauce and put it in my container. BIG BONUS and BIG PLUS for them on customer service!!! Oh I was a happy camper. Hence why they get that 5th star. Had cheesecake for dessert that they make fresh there. Yum! Simple. I looked at their website and saw they have other locations with dif. menu. It seems like all the others have the same menu where they do fresh pasta. This location is the only that is different. Will have to try it somewhere else.
Yum best donuts in Phoenix.
Great you just have to get there on Sunday before early church gets out its a great shop and great service will be returning soon
So what can I say about COB as I call it? Well, heavenly goodness and joy comes to mind. I am a bit of a fuddyduddy when I go there becuase I love to get the #13 sampler dish. It has a little taste of everything I love at COB's. I love their tortillas, honestly for those I would give up soda for a year just for a batch of those warm desirables. I love the atmosphere and the service has never disappointed me. Every birthday my friend asks me where she can take me and I told her she already knows the answer, COB's. Thanks for being a staple here in Phoenix, you bring joy to so many.
GREAT pizza place! The thin crust pizza is AMAZING! I ordered take out for the first time and everything was absolutely perfect. The dining room seemed to be fairly busy, but that is to be expected for a Saturday night.
I've got bad news for you. One day, you're gonna' die. I've also got good news for you. You're gonna wake up and be standing at the pearly gates. The bad news is that they're gonna' be closed. The good news is that they more than likely are going to swing wide for you and a choir of heavenly angels will sing as you walk through. The bad news is that your Aunt Agnes, who used to like to pinch the crap out of your cheek until she kicked the bucket will be there to greet you. The good news is that she's going to hand you a box that says "Spinato's" on it. You open the box. If it's empty, you're in hell. But more than likely, it's got a piping hot, fresh-made a Mamma Spinato's Signature Fresh Spinash pie. Your piehole will be dripping, and as you lift a piece to your lips, even Aunt Agnes's pinching of your cheek will seem like a blessing. Yeah, it's that good. If they serve pizza in heaven, it's Mamma Spinato's. The good news is you don't have to croak to enjoy it. And they deliver. And it's hot! Manga! Quick notes: Their "medium" is everyone else's large. I did not see their large, but I bet it's manly indeed. Extra star for square cutting the pie. Spinato's is what pizza is ALL about.
Awesome!!!!! Great service!!! Do not miss this neighborhood gem!!!
One of my all time favorite restaurants but today's delivery girl was a little ray of sunshine! Such a refreshing change from most delivery people! Thank you spinatos for being a cut Above!
um, this place is great! definitely for the person that does not want to compromise the aesthetics of a nice set of frames!!! family operated local business, I found them on Yelp and then went in to see what they were about. I am REALLLY picky when it comes to eyewear, I have very particular taste, and definitely know what I want in a pair of glasses. I found the style of glasses I had been searching everywhere for within 2 minutes of being in the store, and trust me-no small feat! They are funky, geeky, clear acetate heaven...so pomo...aanyways, just go here! It is great!
Yet another fabulous Yelp event held at this locale. Great food.....and I am not a Mexican food lover at all....but again the food was very good. The atmosphere is authentic Mexican....a Bocce court right next to the walkway....fantastic patio for our yelp event....good live music....and there was even a "Hell's Kitchen" celebrity chef serving up shrimp in a grille pineapple. Yelp done it's usual prize giveaways....which are always fun....there was fiesta theme for this event and there was even a "Adult" penyata which I don't think anyone was able to break open....LOL!!!! I found out they even do a free buffet during happy hour Monday-Friday 4:30pm until 6:30pm.....that's awesome. So while I don't drink or really like Mexican food.....I highly recommend this location for it's authentic feel and great patio to sit under the stars and Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
Karen Tyler at Tyler's Custom Designs is a gem! She is creative, helpful and very responsive. Always willing to go that extra mile in making me feel at ease for my special event. She can work with any budget and often suggests creative ways to still get the same look for a better price, which for us, was just what we were looking for. Her work rivals the best of Scottsdale's and in my opinion, is better! Visit with her and you will see what I mean, you will book her on the spot and trust me, you won't regret it!
There are few people in this world that promise you a price, and a time to get something done and then out do themselves on both counts. Al is just such a person! So that is the short review, here is the story. On Dec 23rd a driver that for this review will remain nameless, turned left in front of my GMC Jimmy. His insurance company totaled my SUV over my objections... The adjuster estimated the damage to be nearly $4000. After consulting with my mechanic and 3 body shops, and looking for a replacement vehicle on Craigslist, I came to the conclusion that repairing it was still the best option, though it was looking to cost most if not all of what the adjusters estimate was. The third body shop said that they use Al's Unibody and Frame to straighten the frames on any vehicles that they work on. So with the suggestion that he should look at this first I gave him a call. Al answered the phone and told me to come on over. He put it up on his lift, grabbed his levels, then proceeded to show me what was going on, what he could do and that if I would like, he could not only straighten the frame but he could replace the bumper, grille and headlight. He gave me a very good price compared to the estimates I had in hand. He then did something completely unexpected... he asked if I wanted to do a some of the work myself to save a bit of the labor cost. After finding my jaw and replacing it back on my face I agreed to help. The details maybe over doing it for the review however it should be said that Al showed me what could be easily removed, brought me the tools and in short order the headlight, and grille were off the GMC, three of the bolts were out of the bumper cover. One remained as it was at a strange angle, to be removed after the frame was pulled straight. The letters G,M, & C that the body shops had priced at $100 were recovered from the broken grille, salvaged and ready for the new one. So this part of the story comes to and end, with $50 saved and a feeling that the "Jimmy" was in good hands. That was on Friday, Al told me that it would be ready by Wednesday. He called Monday to tell me that the tow hook that broke off in the crash could be replace by one in a junk yard he found for 15 dollars if I would like to go pick it up and bring it to him, or alternatively. they could deliver it for about $50 or I could get it new. I made my choice, the car was completed on Tuesday. The bill was an amazingly reasonable $1060.00. With about 30 years of experience Al knows what can be done, what makes sense to do, and tells me he won't do the job if he can't make it good enough that he would put one of his kids back behind the wheel. He gets all 5 stars from me, the work he did was what was asked of him, he beat his own estimate for completion in both time and money. He was so nice to work with, this isn't something you want to repeat... Having an accident sucks! Working with Al was the best part. If your reading this Al, Thank You again.
I truly don't understand the bad reviews for this place. I almost didn't go during Restaurant Week because the reviews were so bad. This is the one time I've been to a restaurant where the yelpers were way off base (of course with only 13 reviews as of when I write this, maybe this place doesn't get a lot of foot traffic). I went with a group of friends here during Restaurant Week and we didn't regret it at all. Yeah, the place is kind of a time warp with a very old school steakhouse feel, but the food and service both spoke volumes about this place. The biggest thing that drew us here was that during restaurant week, they don't just give you a few choices amongst the different courses. They let you select from their ENTIRE menu! Huge points to management for that one. For appetizers we each ordered something different. I ordered the caprese salad (good mozzarella) and one of my friends got a crab fondue that was incredible. For the main entree, I got the veal and sage ravioli. Very fresh, artful presentation and generous portion. And for dessert the chocolate volcano brownie was a perfect way to top off the meal. As great as the food was, our server was awesome. She was an elderly gal (can't remember her name), but she was warm, energetic, and very helpful with the menu. Made the experience that much more enjoyable. Again, don't really understand all the negative reviews I've seen thus far, and perhaps the restaurant had its A game just for restaurant week. But the place was busy and it sure seemed like everyone enjoyed it as much as we did. I pretty much went in with low expectations, but was very pleasantly surprised with this place and how they took restaurant week to another level. Still want to try Different Pointe of View on the other side of the resort at some point, but Pointe in Tyme was a smash hit with this foodie.
We came here for their Easter buffet and it was delicious. All the food was good, a rarity for a buffet, usually they're hit or miss. The ham with apple compote was soo good, and their grilled veggies were so flavorful....I'm drooling thinking about it. This place is far for me, but I will be back for another buffet, its worth the trip!
I've eaten ion fine dining establishments all over the globe for over 30 years and this one is in my personal top 5. Not cheap or even reasonable by anyone's standards but this one backs up the tab in spades!
We had the Most Delicious meal on Saturday night. We tried Chef's tasting menu and he certainly did not disappoint. It was a delicious 6 course meal. We have plans to be back very soon!
The views from this restaurant are amazing. We were very pleased with everything from the wine list to the dark chocolate for desert. The menu is nice the food presentation and qualtiy "the best".
We'd been gone from the Valley for 9 years, had fond memories of this hilltop gem, and wanted to renew our dining there. It was beyond expectations. They did not skimp on restaurant week selections. My short rib ravioli was divine and plentiful, the halibut entree perfect, and for dessert one could choose anything on that menu. I had the strawberry/rubarb parfait, my husband, the lemon cake which really was more the size of a thimble, but delicious. The drive up the hill hasn't gotten easier, the stairs are long and steep, but there is an elevator. One can forget that it is Sunnyslope in lights below, and fix one's eyes on the shine. Both the view and the restaurant do just that. Our wait staff was professional and efficient. No, "my name is John and I'll be your server", here. Perfect! We'll return.
This review is for the Terrace Room downstairs from Different Point of View. Yelp doesn't seem to have a separate listing for it. This review is for the bar/lounge and wine list. Although I do get food when I am there, they change the menu often so i don't feel it's fair to review food that won't be on the menu in a few months. I have been going here for five years now and I never get sick of it. They have a fabulous wine list and one of the most breathtaking views in all of Phoenix. This place is a hidden gem and I'm always amazed when people say they have never heard of it. The bar/lounge is completely walled with glass so you can see the city view from any seat within the bar/lounge. The seating outside is a fabulous set up. You can sit in a circle seating area around a fire pit, at a communal couch area, or at separate tables right at the edge of the mountain. There is also a hidden seating area off to the West side that gives you a completely different view of the city. Sometimes in the winter the chef will make homemade marshmallows infused with different liqueurs. The cocktail servers will give you sticks to roast your marshmallows at the fire pit and they also provide different dipping sauces. This is one of my favorite times of the year!!! Don't miss out if you are there in the winter time! The only complaint I have about this place is that it can be rented out so it is frequently closed for private parties. ALWAYS CALL AHEAD TO FIND OUT IF THEY ARE OPEN! The staff is always amazing. Bill, the manager, is always making sure you are enjoying your visit and April and Richard down at the Terrance Room are fabulous! Don't miss out on a drink and view at the Terrace Room!
I just saw this on groupon again and needed to share that I highly recommend! We bought the bingo deal last year and went over the summer-- My beau & I had a blast! We're in our 30s so we were clearly the youngest people there, but the crowd is friendly and the drinks are really cheap (less than 5 bucks for a strong mixed drink with awesome service at the bar) The deal gets you a whole booklet of bingo sheets for games covering a span of about 3 hours. You can sit inside or outside on the back patio (better). Their menu is pretty basic. We just ordered fries, but heard the fish 'n' chips were awesome. Oh, and I won $100. Beginners luck? If you go on a Friday, there's an old-school band that starts playing just before bingo gets out in the lounge. Dapper shoes optional ps- We're not Italian.
I started seeming Kari a while back. She does my eyebrows and skin treatments. Kari is the best!!!! She is very welcoming and she makes you feel right at home. Explains everything well and makes sure you are satisfied. The room where waxing and skin treatments are done is very zen. It is clean and peaceful . She offered full waxing services as well as several skin treatments including chemical peel. Many different kinds of customized facials and chemical peels. Prices are great as well and they run monthly specials as well. Let's just say chemical peel is half price then what it costs me at my dermatologist office. The best at of all of this is that Kari uses PCA skin product. This skin care line is purely amazing and it has been invented locally in Arizona. It is so light weight and it recovered my skin from acnes. PCA also has aging line. I can't say enough how great PCA skin product is as well as Kari. You will have to check it out yourself and believe me, you will not regret it.
These folks were called via my home warranty company. Had a bad experience with Sears awhile back and was glad someone else was called. They worked with me on the time. They came over. The guy was nice. Garage door fixed! I would be happy to use them again!
You look at this place from the outside and you wouldn't think much of it, much at all. Actually, your subconsciousness would probably just have you look past it and not notice it at all. But like my buddy's friend told him one day, look for the place that looks sort of run down with a lot of cars in front, they typically have the best food. Following that advice, looking for food, we pulled a U-turn, went back and parked. We were going to get take out until we heard the chips and salsa were free. Budgeting and maximizing caloric intake, you know how that goes. Place was hotter than all can be (the 2 a/c window units couldn't keep up), but we shrugged it off like the manly men we were and parked our arse. The waitress was really friendly and helpful in explaining all the stuff they make, and the best part about it is that it's made fresh - chips, salsa, guac, etc. This place is the real deal when it comes to mexican food. It just goes to show you how most all places bend and give in, abandoning their tradition, just to meet the "needs" of the American people. Or shall I call it ignorance?
The best Mexican food in AZ! Your kind service, large menu, and cozy restaurant will keep us coming! One teeny gripe.. a little music playing would be a great addition..at times it seems like everyone can hear my conversation. Other than that, please don't ever change!
My coworkers and I always have a hard time deciding what to do for lunch. One day, my coworker Mike suggested this place since we were in the mood for Mexican food. He said the food is really good and he's been going there regularly for years. After leaving that visit and going there multiple times, this is by far my favorite Mexican Restaurant in the Valley. We always start off with some chips and salsa. Make sure you try the sauce from the squeeze bottle. It's so good that you end up eating so much chips and leaves you with little room to finish your meal. If you want more appetizers, I would recommend the cheese crisps with peppers! And if you like horchata, This place gives free refills :) My favorite item from the menu is the green corn tamale with green sauce! It's a must have when I come here. I would usually pair it up with a bean and cheese burro. If you have a really big appetite, go with one of the combo plates. You will leave full with one of those plates. The staff here are really friendly and welcoming. You'll see them chatting it up and laughing with the many regulars that come in. Food comes out fairly quick even during the lunchtime rush.
Before REI had even considered opening in Phoenix, there was Arizona Hiking Shack. The staff is knowledgeable and helpful. They are very good at fitting their customers with the right gear. They make every effort to be sure that you have what you need and are prepared for your hike, climb or backpacking event. They are also a great resource for local maps and information.
i came upon this place driving somewhere else on Thomas road. they have a really great selection of more high end sleeping bags and tents. what i really appreciated though was the level of knowledge and expertise the staff exhibited. i thought i could just run in really quick, look at the sleeping bags, and pop out. but no...... i got basically a a re-education on sleeping bags (i have an ancient military sleeping bag that weighs a ton and is very, very big), because i haven't bought one in years. before i know it, i'm so engrossed in the fine tunings of sleeping bags and other sundries, i realize i'm late to where i was headed in the first place! very cool store and they do rentals too. oh, they sell EVERYTHING you need for the outdoors except bikes. tons of rock climbing and mountaineering goods!
Really nice people. Made my move with less worries. I recommend them to all my friends. Valley Self Storage is my choice.
Honest people who do honest work. Fair prices and George the owner is always there to answer you questions. They stand behind their work 100%. I trust my mom and sister's cars here, there is no one better.
Great boneless wings
It is the best Chinese restaurant I've ever been to.period. You must try it. It's the best
I have a passion for great pizza. It's been my favorite food since I was a kid. I've outgrown my fondness for the typical pep & sausage as my tastebuds have been seeking out new flavors. The first time I tried the Gourmet White Pizza at Stumpy's I believe I heard the chorus to Hallelujah! Another favorite of mine is the Hot Blue Chicken Wing Pizza...an explosion of flavorful deliciousness! So good...I am actually salivating over my keyboard just thinking about it! Anyway...Stumpy's is by far one of my most favorite pizza places. Another giant plus? The owners and staff are the most amazingly friendly people I have ever met. They greet everyone with a warm smile and a wonderful pizza!
Okay...Getting a vet that will actually talk to you and discuss your pets health and history is remarkable in this day and age. I was very impressed with Dr. Clark and his genuine care for the health of your pet. One thing that I really appreciate is that the office seems to take into account that you are the customer and you direct them to the level of care your pet needs. I agree they didn't seem overly anxious to sell me services that I really don't need, but, also emphasized the importance of things like heartworm medication. I recommend Dr. John Clark and the staff at the Orangewood Animal Hospital.
I could not give this place a higher recommendation. Knowledgeable and friendly staff. The office is gorgeous with great views of the mountains.
Dr. Joshua Millstein is AMAZING! He is a wonderful doctor and a kind man. He is the kind of doctor that legitimately cares. If you want a great doctor he is the one!
We always have a great time at Fiddler's Dream. Not your traditional coffee house, but if you enjoy good coffee and good music, give this place a try.
I have gone to Crystal Optical for over twenty years. The man who owns it always goes out of his way to give amazing service. When my kids were young, I was on the sidelines at a soccer game one time and heard the lady behind me talking about how she loved going there because he would always tried so hard to make it easy for her kids....giving a loaner pair of glasses to her son until his were ready, etc. Three other people chimed in with great experiences they had had there. That's how I've always felt. Personal service is sometimes hard to find these days, but you'll still find it here.
When a place is done RIGHT they get 5 stars! FP is about a 4 star place, but there are several things that give them that bonus star... 1. They have giant framed artwork, yes - with glass. As a photographer - I know what that costs, so anyone willing to spend $$ on glass that big gets a thumbs up. 2. They have cool brass sculptures and other assorted Chinese decorations. 3. They have DUCK! It's Crispy Duck, not Peking - but NOBODY in Phx has Peking Duck, right? Whatever...they have duck and it was served up nice and crisp with a hint of 5 spice. It wasn't even a problem that we were the first people in the doors at Noon (thats when they open on Sundays. Double Bonus Points.) 4. They DO Mu Shu. Note: I didn't say they HAVE Mu Shu. The server does it old school and stuffs your pancakes right their, tableside with chopsticks. BAM. TRIPLE BONUS POINTS. 5. They have old-school cocktails on the menu...like a Singapore Sling and Zombies. We didn't partake, but its cool that they have 'em! The food is good, the menu offers just about every variation of everything - chicken, pork, beef, lobster, scallops...however you want them...spicy, hot/sour, cashews, almonds...whatever. Prices are pretty good (really good if you hit it weekdays for lunch special - and lunch special includes General Tso's Chicken for fans of that! That's pretty rare. If I was a Tso fan, I'd double bonus point that - but, as you can tell - I'm a duck fan: so only single bonus points there. The hot tea was fresh and tasty. The servers are friendly, the food is quickly prepared. Even the takeout menu is really nice! Good glossy paper stock, nice graphic design, with flamingos watermarked into it. Well written, good layout. There you have it. Five freakin stars baby, coun't em. Attention to detail matters, restauranteurs! Brings you up a star in my book, and I know it counts with other Yelpers!
Tried several chinese restaurants in Phoenix and actually gave up trying to find a place I liked for the past 6 months or so because I so grossed out by every place I went. THIS PLACE IS GREAT!! So glad I gave Flamingo Palace a try, the other reviewers were right! The Flamingo Chicken special was VERY, VERY, VERY DELICIOUS! It was hot, fresh, and just all around great. Also tried an egg roll and a crab puff/rangoon, also pretty darn good. Best chinese joint I've found and it's so close to my house I will definitely be returning!
The Singapore rice noodles are so splendid that I would willingly repeat the two-hours-plus round-trip on the bus required to dine here. The chile in the noodles is properly deployed to kick you into the early parts if next week without destroying your taste buds. The shrimps are just-cooked, not mealy. The fried egg is soft and has absorbed the sauce. If I made fried egg that good at home, I would be a fried egg maestro. The pork is the proper red kind. Ordinarily, I would try to get two meals out of this, but it clearly called for living in the moment. (And at under $10, it's plenty economical as one meal.) The decor is straight out of 1987, which is usually a warning sign for Phoenix non-natives, but 1987 was apparently a fantastic year for Chinese food. Service does what it's supposed to do; the plum wine pour is generous; and the packages fortune cookie is neither stale nor inane. Just getting a fresh fortune cookie is splendid.
The staff here was very friendly and helped me check my battery and alternator, all for no charge. They explained everything to me and were very helpful.
JOY JOY JOY!! Why would you pay upwards of $4 for quality fresh bread when you can go here and get it for $1-$2.50? Its not day old....I got bread today 12/12 and its good till 12/20. That's 8 days of goodness left! *White, wheat, sourdough, whole grain, multi grain bread *Thomas English Muffins * Hostess doughnuts, mini doughnuts 4/ $1. *Bake and serve dinner rolls *Tortillas. You name it they have it. Too many other things to mention. Go and see it for yourself Who needs to eat extra carbs at full price when you can get em cheap!! The staff is helpful and will point out extra goodies of the day or show you where the REALLY fresh stuff is. If you need to bring snacks for the kids' holiday party, baseball team after game snacks come here and save TONS!!
My 3 year old has been coming here for over a year now. It has been a great experience every time!! Veronica does a really great job!!
now called Tara Thai ~ http://www.yelp.com/biz/tara-thai-phoenix#hrid:jZ5ynxfXefkDBzm4vB1E4A
Not all Ray's is the same. This Ray's is the best pizza outside of Brooklyn.
2 words . Soooooo good!
Great service. Great people. What else can you ask for?! I recommend this cleaners to everybody!
Awesome food! Great service! Great prices! My favorites are the House Special Chicken, Szechwan Crisp Pork & the Hot & Sour Soup. If you like spicy, ask for extra spicy and get some chili oil too! Yum!
Bamboo House is an unassuming Chinese restaurant with a cozy, no frills interior. We went on a Saturday night, and they seemed busy. Still, they sat us right away and were incredibly attentive all evening. Great service. Now for the food. The hot and sour soup is a must order. It was perfect. We also ordered the beef and broccoli and the shanghai noodles. Both were super tasty; however, their menu is massive so I don't think I'll ever order the same entree twice. Finally, the drinks. Five stars for their cocktail menu. They have a huge list of cocktails that would do the cast of Mad Men proud. Lots of classics and some fun Polynesian drinks, complete with fruit garnish and paper umbrellas. And the cocktails are cheap to boot, not to mention delicious. I recommend the coconut gin one. I'm moving away from this neighborhood, but I'll definitely find excuses to head to North Phoenix just so I can get back to this place. A neighborhood gem for sure.
Been to this location a few times and only sit in the bar area. The food and service are always great. Even when the bar is packed they're always on their A game!
Great service - thanks!
New info from AJs, they have reconsidered and plans to close this store are currently on hold. ************************************************************* AJ's will be closing this location at the end of March 2008. The currently are planning to replace AJ's with a Sportsman's as they bought the name several months ago.
We are new to AZ and were looking for a furniture store that would have different items than you find in your average furniture store. I read a few of the Yelp reviews, so I knew what to expect and I saw the price range was lower than another store I was interested in. My husband and I went in there with one item in mind, a tv stand. The good news...we found it about half way through the store. The only problem was that it was outside our budget, so we were going to leave empty handed. On our way to the door the gentleman working there, asked if we had made a decision on the piece we liked. (My husband had offered him $50 less than the sticker price, yet he initially wouldn't budge on the price). My husband told him, that we liked the piece, yet it still was outside our budget. The gentleman said "let me see what I can do." He played with the calculator and/or computer for a bit than came back with an offer. The offer was a $27.00+ savings from the sticker price. We appreciated that he was willing to drop the price and we really wanted the item, so we purchased it. In addition, to the great customer service upon the sale, the employees that loaded my husband's vehicle were exceptional. First of all, they were very much concerned that we were able to make the pieces fit in my husband's Rav4 without our having to make several trips. Also, they were very mindful that we have enough room for everyone to sit and that the piece or the car would not be damaged in the process. Hours later, it is in our home, all electronics are on the shelves and hooked up, and we are thrilled. The item fits perfectly, does the job we purchased it for, looks great with our decor, and was fairly priced. We couldn't be happier!!! I rated it a five-star because of their customer service. They were willing to come down on the price and were careful in loading my husband's car. It's a store that you may not always find what you are looking for the first time, so be prepared to be patient; we just got lucky.
I had to run here on lunch to get my oil changed and 2 tires replaced before i left on a trip the next day to Flagstaff and i couldnt be happier. The people i spoke with over the phone were very accomodating gave me a great price and most importantly got me in and out on time to work. I really must say i will go back here again when i get my brakes done, as well any other routine maintence im too lazy to do myself, and back to the tires they beat the price on tires for the same tire everywhere else and had them in stock for me the same day!
I seriously love the "Mama's Special" spinich pizza, but sometimes I get carried away and eat way too much of it! Last night we picked up a "Super 6" and ate the whole thing in about 20 minutes it was so good! Their pizza is the absolute best I have ever had. From the scrumptious crust and savory sauce to the tasty toppings that are baked into the incredible cheese I don't know another pizza that makes me so happy!
At some distant time when Phoenix is all but ruins and covered over by the sands of the desert, the people who yet live will weep in anguish, not for the lost progress of science, or the greatness of our architecture, but for the fact they can no longer get Spinato's pizza. Count yourselves incredibly fortunate to be living in The Age of Spinato's.
My favorite pizza in town. Its all about their pizza sauce in my opinion.
One of my most favorite places! We happened along this place by accident while enjoying a "stay-cation" at a local resort. We were starving and not looking to pay resort prices for dinner. A quick little drive and we saw a sign that said pizza. The best accident we had! Location is in a strip mall and not terribly inviting, but go anyway because once you hit the front door it's like you walked into a friends house. Great smell from the kitchen and a small little bar with plenty of good beverages and cold beer. So take a look at the menu, ask for suggestions. The sausage is homemade and fantastic. My favorite crust is the thinner "crispier" crust. and there is no expense spared on toppings smothering edge to edge. So if you like to actually enjoy your toppings & sauce not just get a mouthful of dough this is your place. Word of warning, everything is big! The small salad easily feeds three & do try the garlic ranch dressing. The spaghetti is good, with homemade meatballs and the sauce...well let's just say the sauce is more of a sweet sauce full of taste and not just tomato paste. So our favorite pizza has quickly become the peperoni & sausage. We like to add sweet peppers too. But really you can go wrong. And even the Margarita pizza is outstanding. We have dined in & they deliver. Just got to the website & place a web order. Pizza was here in no time. I love taking out of town friends & family here because it is local owned & operated. A great family place and reasonably priced!
We got the signature pizza which consists of fresh spinach, tomatoes, and garlic and it was fantastic. the sauce was flavorful, the pizza was seasoned perfectly and i have to say that i was impressed! the only thing i may do differently for next time is to ask for the pizza well done.... i usually do this to all pizzas just forgot this time. We also had it delivered, during the NBA playoffs, and it arrived in about 35 minutes, right at half time; so timing was perfect!! It showed up hot and delicious which says a lot about their delivery service. Well done, I def recommend to others.
It's amazing! The spaghetti is the best I have had and the pizza is bomb too. This is a great spot for date night or take out.
Pizza is awesome, period.
We love everything about this place. We can't believe we didn't discover it sooner. Thanks to Nick and the crew for always taking care of us and our kids! If you want great food and love to support local, this place is perfect for you! Get the Super Six if you're not on the wagon. Oh and start with the mozzarella cheese bread. The gluten-free Greek pizza is awesome if you roll like that. And go on Thursdays. Trust me. Half price pitchers. Enough said.
A-ma-zing!!! Ok, so I am a little biased, because I volunteer here, but the reason I volunteer is because it is a great, cheap palce to shop! The store is run primarily by volunteers and all proceeds go to Maricopa County Animal Care and Control's special programs (i.e. spay and neuter programs). I admit that the store is fairly small, but that is so that we can keep our prices low and can remain true to our mission of providing funds for animals at the shelter. Much of the clothes come from My Sister's Closet and are brand name clothes in great shape! I have stoped shopping at other thrift stores, because I am spoiled by the low prices ($2 for shirts, shorts, ties; $3 for pants, sweaters, blazers, dresses). I get so many compliments from my friends and co-workers and I am proud to say that my new Ann Taylor pants or Banana Republic sweater cost me less that $3 and has gone towards a good cause. I highly encourage others to stop by and take a look. Happy shopping!!
I have been eating here for the past 15 years or so, and I have never had a bad experience. The food is absolutely amazing; probably the best Mexican food I've ever had. (I have to admit that I don't venture off to many other Mexican restaurants because their food is so good!) My favorite item on the menu is the #1 combo - a red chili burro with a cheese enchilada and beans. Delicious! They will certainly remain a favorite of mine for many years to come :)
Consistent good food. Prices are good. Been eating here for years, never had any problems. Quick service. Love the chips and salsa!
The pad thai and yellow curry here are both amazing dishes. They moved from one location further west in the strip mall to the location they are today. The only place only had about 6 tables in it, where this place is roughly double in size. You'll have no trouble getting a table for lunch. The lunch pricing is reasonable, and the service is quite good.
I've been coming here for nearly ten years and over the years as much as once a week and not much has changed except for them moving a couple doors down to be in a larger space. The quality has been consistenly very good, from the food to the service. The place is owned and run by a thai family and the food is as close to Thailand as I'll ever get. I've tried other thai places in AZ and in a couple of states and none can compare to Krua thai. As a regular to this place, I recommend giving it a try. I don't think you will be disappointed.
I found this place a few months ago and fell in love. The food is great, the atmosphere nice and I enjoy coming back. My favorite is simple, yellow curry chicken, but I have ventured into some of the other dishes. Love it and recommend it.
OMG amazing!!! This is the go to place for my weekly cheat meal! The egg rolls and chicken pad thai with extra veggies is my favorite meal ever!! They are very friendly every time anyone walks in the door and you get very fast service! Whenever friends and family want to eat thai with us, we go here (: The food ALWAYS tastes fresh and is very consistent.
solid place to go for Thai. I like it hot but be careful if you're ordering Thai hot. The owner didn't let me on my first visit and she was spot on
This is one of the best Self Storage in Phoenix and the Surrounding area. The manager will go out if their way to help you any way that they can. They have free cold bottle water fresh baked cookies and an VERY CLEAN restroom. If you were to need longer gate hour they will work with you to get in moved in. I have rented at many other please and I will keep going back to Az Mini on Cave Creek Rd for all my Storage needs.
Best Chinese food around. Took me awhile to find a good place. Finally!! Crab puffs yummy : ) Dinner specials are large and filling. Enough to share. Quick service, especially fast if you are grabbing pick up on the way home from work!
Dr. Guarino is awesome! He's knowledgable, friendly (very likeable), respectful and gave one of the best and easiest adjustments I have ever had. I felt better instantly. I am very particular and a bit fearful of chiropractors but Dr. Guarino is fantastic. His office staff is great too...very friendly and helpful. I highly recommend Backpro!!!
I highly recommend the lettuce wraps. A full set of fresh ingredients are brought to the table along including LEAN chicken with water chestnuts, the good kind of rice - lumpy, and hoisin sauce. Do not be afraid to ask for more hoisin sauce. Under a family ownership and management, the restaurant makes an unbelievably good lunch and dinner at reasonable prices with friendly and unique service. The most adorable little cashier counted back perfect change to me just the other day (with her mother's supervision, of course). I moved to the neighborhood in 2008 and was instantly addicted to Dragon Bowl. Their flavors are definitely more on the mild side than spicy but they are respectfully traditional. The prices are a tad higher but so is the price of a gallon of gasoline since 2008 so, ya know, how cares? It's worth it plus gratuity on most occasions.
I know QuickTrip is a convenience store, but I would swear they are hiring Harvard Grads as the counter help. Always very very professional and courteous. This store is immaculate and the product selection is very nice. Their gas prices are usually the lowest in the neighborhood and are only occasionally edged out by Costco.
Quick update to the wine tasting. The wine class now costs $20 per person but you receive a voucher for $10 valid that evening only on any bottle of wine. All the featured wines are still 10% off. Seriously, even at $20 it's a great value.
Love this place and the new owners are great. The previous owners were forced to close down and the new guys have been in there for about a year. I go in about once a week and they are super friendy and very fast service. Highly recommend this locaiton.
Went here for the first time yesterday and got the VIP pedicure. The chairs were so-so, but the pedicure itself was wonderful. They even stayed later to accommodate the large party. I'd go back. The wax and hot rock massage made me a believer. Super nice staff as well.
They used to have some awesome Tortas on the menu but they sometimes have the bread if you ask they can make them. I really like the fish tacos omnomnom
Just had the "death wobble" fixed on my jeep. All staff was super knowledgeable, extremely courteous and the price for the new part and labor was most reasonable. I will definitely be back with any other vehicles. Overall, great prompt service, great prices, and awesome staff. Will be back for sure. Thanks ATD!!
I'm a total blimpie head so of course I loved this. The blimpie employee here treated me like a regular customer and put extra mayonnaise on my blimpie as long as I wouldn't tell. So happy with my blimpie experience and am ready for whenever i get a blimpie craving again.
Still miss the old name but still best toy store in the state
They are always so friendly at this location. They are also very knowledgeable and will tell you how it really is. At some other pool stores, I have felt like they are trying to sell you on things you don't need. We had an expensive piece of pool equipment break and thought we would need to have it replaced. We dragged it on down to Leslie's and they repaired it for about 1/2 of the cost of replacing it. I refer anyone with a pool to Leslie's - especially this location.
There is nothing bad I can say about my experience here. The staff was wonderful, the nurses were wonderful, and most importantly Dr. Nelson was the best doctor I could have ever asked for. He always listened to my concerns and is extremely knowledgeable and reassuring. I wouldn't have anyone else deliver my babies.
there are a bunch of cry babys if you cant not buy anything from whole foods dont shop there point blank go to walmart or smartshop i love this store they have the best meat and friut from our small frams i love it here its way cheaper then the whole foods nyc.....we should be proud we have this type supermarket
Aqua Touch is one of the few retailers that I frequent to stock and replenish my salt water system. I go here because the store is always impeccable, they have an incredible selection of fish/coral/inverts that are always good looking, healthy and priced reasonably. I come here to stock up on pre-mixed water and frozen fish food. Aqua Touch I am a big fan!
HELL YEAH......The Blooze freekin rules for live music and cheap drinks. Owner is on top of the music scene, so there's always quality music playing every night.
Yum! My husband picked this up for dinner tonight, so I didn't see the place on the inside. But the food was fantastic. Chicken Lo Mein, wonderful with fresh vegetables. Vegetable fried rice was also full of fresh vegetables, broccoli, snap peas, yum! My husband loved the Kung Pao Chicken, his favorite dish. But the best was the spicy shrimp, absolutely divine! The best chinese food I have had in a long time.
The PA Courtney was nice, friendly and knowledgeable. I was pleased with my experience.
Five stars for their new happy hour menu, which they call their "economic stimulus package." 4:00-6:00pm and 9:00pm-close: Domestic drafts are 75 cents. Pitchers? $2.99. Small pitchers are somewhere in between. I'm really, really easy to please.
A classic from my high school days. This is where I first had a cheesesteak and it has probably influenced/corrupted what I think they should take like immutably. The fries are also very good, always crispy never greasy. Just be forewarned this place tends to get swarmed by high schoolers during the week.
We had a sick cat and had to find a vet near our house. Shea Animal hospital was down the street so we decided to take him there. They were so nice and friendly and loved Atticus immediately. That was in November 2011. A couple days ago I noticed our cat having a hard time breathing so I called them. Dr. Organek treated him before and she called me back and also scheduled the appointment for me for the next day. Unfortunately we ended up having to put our sweet kitty to sleep but Dr. Organek spent almost 3 hours with us and talked to my husband on the phone and answered all of our questions. She was also very sympathetic. This was 4/5/12. On 4/7/12 we received a sympathy card from her. We are very happy with their services and would bring our pets to them again.
This is not your assembly line come back 10 times a week because I want to milk you for all your money chiro. Dr. Larson listens and adjusts accordingly
I love the story time program here! I started coming this summer after having a baby and wanting to get my toddler out of the house while beating the heat. The staff here is amazing! It is a 30 minute session of singing, dancing, stories and bubbles. We look forward to this every week now. My daughter loves the take home cut out and coloring sheet. The first thing she does is come home and color it. I am so thankful for this free program.
There very few Restaurants in Arizona that have been around for decades. That's right decades!! 50 years is no flash in the pan, in fact most restaurants fail to see a 20th birthday. There is a reason why Red Devil continues to grow throughout Arizona and the reason is quality. Everything is fresh. The pizza is awesome. I was born in Brooklyn, NY and I do really like pizza. I won't compore this to NY pizza because it is not. That being said I find it just as good as any pie I have ever had in NYC. The pizza stands alone! I have never had pizza that compares to Red Devil. The crust is not to thin and not to thick. One of my favorite parts is the outer crust, it's lite, it's got a little fluff and has a chew to it that makes it very unique and very delicious!!! All components to this pie are fresh. You can watch them "open" a pizza crust. That means you can stand in front of the pizza window and watch them take a giant dough ball and turn it into pizza crust by slapping it and throwing it in the air. So the Pizza is excellent; But how about the rest. What Red Devil does well is stay away from pretentiousness. The dishes are classic, simple and don't come out wearing sequins. I know what I'm getting when I dine here. The food speaks for itself. Like I said, it's Chicken Parmigian and I love it for what's on the inside!! The marsala dishes are very good. I will say that the Alfredo here is some of the best I have ever had. The only problem is that sometimes this sauce can "break" that happens when the butter and heavy cream seperate. When that has happened they take it back and make a new dish. The bottom line is this place is very good and continues to prove it by staying aroound through 3 recessions and continuing to grow. You can't do that without having something people want over and over again!!
My fiance and I came here for the first time last week for our weekly "cheat meal". He wanted in n out but I convinced him to try this place out. We loved the pizza so much!! The bread was crispy all around. We went back today for our cheat meal, and we are going back next weekend! We are hooked!
Woke up recently, went into my home office & poof! No electricity! Thought it was a breaker, wasn't. So I called Scott over at Micor, he sent a technician out right away, and after following all the possible problems, found a short and ground problem outside, which was causing half the house to shut down. Got it fixed right up. Great response, great service, very reasonable rates! Thanks Scott!
The best auto repair shop I have ever done business with. A friend from work recommended Gab's and I am ever so grateful she did. Family owned shop with years of experience. The minute I walked through the office door I was treated very kindly. They didn't laugh at me because I don't know a damn thing about auto repair. The service, prices and especially the staff are unbeatable. Truly second to none. What has impressed me the most is Gab's does not do any unnecessary work and keeps me up to date while my SUV is being serviced. Do yourself a favor make Gab's your auto mechanic. You will not be sorry and your pocket book will love it.
Best Walmart ever! It's got all you need all in one store! And the best part is its a super center an it's open 24 hours! The remodeling is incredible! Also the bathrooms aren't like any of the Walmarts I've been to! Amazing!
Despite my earlier review (which still stands), I continue to shop at this store because 1. I'm budget-conscious (save more, spend more!), 2. it's several miles drive to another Walmart, and 3. for health reasons I don't have the ability to have to run all over NE Phoenix to do a few simple errands that I can often get done right here. Plus - there are some things I can only get at this store and not at other grocers or even at the next closest Walmart. That said, i'll be honest, this store continues to be a mixed experience and this 5 start rating and following review comments are LIMITED ONLY to the topic of their employees and service: Several of the employees at this particular store are truly wonderful people, some of whom have worked there for years and I'd like to give them mention by name. They deserve special recognition for not only a job well done but for standing out -- in a positive light -- among their peers as excellent representatives of this Walmart Supercenter: NEDDY - always cheerful, kind, friendly and obviously a very hard worker BONNIE - we miss your friendly helpful nature at the self-checkout now that you've moved to pharmacy... you always kept things moving with grace and ease NADA - warm and helpful, a fast, competent worker JAIRO - friendly and very helpful, knows his stuff JESSIE - always upbeat and friendly while obviously extremely competent and a real hard worker MAGGIE - fun and friendly, she really knows her job and how to keep a cool head AMANDA - lovely person and so helpful There's also a woman w/long red hair (and an adorable grandchild that I met once while we were all in line :-) I'm so sorry i didn't get her name but I'm sure her manager will be able to ID her... She's super pleasant and one of the most efficient, competent cashiers I've ever met (along with the others mentioned here, of course!) The 2 male greeters on the evening shift... one from back east, NJ, I think: he's funny and friendly -- always makes a visit to WM an adventure. And the other gentleman wears a small neat ponytail.... he's more understated but warm and friendly - always makes me feel welcomed though the door! And last but not least, the evening shift front end manager, Lou. (not sure about title). Lou deserves a hearty pat on the back and not only recognition for her own hard work and friendly, pleasant attitude (especially considering the pressures she must face), but she also deserves kudos and recognition for leading a team of so many outstanding representatives for Walmart in a store that still has some serious challenges. Thank you, Lou and thanks to your wonderful staff! PS - I'm sure to be able to get the other names and will try to eventually come back and update this when I do.
Really like their Chicken dishes and noodle. Will order it again. Price is very reasonable and fast delivery :)
We have been Jiffy Lube customers for 15 years. They are quick, convenient and they do a great job. Why mess with a good thing, right? Recently, we had some difficulty with our Suburban. We thought it was just electrical problems relating to our 4x4 switch. When we took it to our mechanic they said there could be a possibility that our transfer casing was tampered with. There are only two shops that touch our cars: Jiffy Lube and Gruelichs. We called Jiffy Lube and spoke to the manager on duty, Gus. He was very open to listen and actually came over to the mechanics to inspect the vehicle. Gus notified his supervisor and sent us to the Jiffy Lube Customer Service representative, as per their policy. We thought we were going to get the run around. Mind you, it was during 4th of July holiday, so it did take some time. We eventually were contacted by the rep who was going to send out the District Service Manager to OUR mechanic to inspect the problem with us! They did not try to attempt to deny responsibility. They, in our eyes, were taking as many steps as they could towards accountability. Just to be sure that there was no bias, Gruelichs asked a third party to open the transfer casing and inspect it. If it was tampered with we would know immediately. This morning, we all stood around at State to State transmissions as they opened the casing. What we found was that JIFFY LUBE WAS NOT RESPONSIBLE! It showed normal wear and tear. As hard as it was for us to swallow that we would have to pay for what is a common repair to older GM 4x4 vehicles, we were glad that the establishment that we had trusted for 15 years with our three vehicles was still reputable in our eyes. They did everything right. From the local manager, Gus, to Judy the Customer Service rep, to Darren the District Service Manager, they all listened to the customer. They came to us, even with the possibility they may have to pay the bill. They were kind and considerate. I have to say thank you to Jiffy Lube for not dismissing us. Thank you for years of good service to our vehicles and our family. Thank you for putting the customer first. Good job guys!
Are you a blonde, or considering going blonde? After years of frustration I finally found a hairdresser who is a genius with color! Her name is Lisa Fournier and she has been with Grandstrands for many years. I have been using her for almost 10 years. Make sure that you plan ahead when making your appointments, as she is usually heavily booked! You will LOVE your color, and for those who have long hair, she isn't scissor happy like many hairdressers I have come across. I moved since starting to use her and now have a 35-40min. drive to get there, but it's worth it!
Unbelievable! Within 2 weeks I have had 2 great experiences with the store manager and the interim store manager. I bought the wrong bed and box springs for my 88 year old mother. I went back today and the interim manager, Jacob Tinsley, was superb. Jacob demonstrated the utmost professionalism in supporting my problem, his competence in communicating and understanding his inventory, and took every precaution possible to ensure all of our transactions were complete and accurate. With Jacob's support, I bought another set for my mother and kept the great buy I relieved last week. I would recommend Mattress Firm to anyone, and especially Jacob. Just when you thought it couldn't get any better, because I had asked for Clyde, the store manager that was in vacation, Jacob credited the sale to him. Every company should have a Jacob on their sales team. Thank you!
These guys are awesome!! Stand behind their product... fast, easy and knowledgable!! Turned my boiling blood into an ear to ear smile!! I will NEVER go anywhere else again!!
Best sandwich in town!
I have to hand it to Sprint, they've seriously stepped up their game. As a heavy BlackBerry user, things are bound to go wrong with my phone from time to time. Trackball replacements? No problemo! Dropped it off here, came back in an hour, and it felt like a new phone. People here seemed really nice. At first, I wasn't sure about the systematic way they see customers here. (You check in, and they help you chronologically based on your arrival at the store) But after a few visits, I've grown to like the way it works. It assures that you won't fall in the cracks and have to actually ask for assistance. I know I personally hate asking for things. Service representatives are speedy too. :) PS - this store is NICE. It looks like its brand new. Very clean, very 2010.
I mean come on guys, its Home Depot! So yes obviously they have pretty much any tool imaginable, paint, lumber and all your other home provment needs. I bought 20 5 gallon buckets to play basketpong across a pool, thanks for supporting basketpong home depot. Oh they have really good 'helpers' willing to work cheap conveniently located it all Home Depot parking lots lol
Great food. Great service. Small Greek salad is huge. Buffalo hummus and baba ganoish were tasty. Baklava was good end. I will be back.
I crave this place and drive from Peoria to eat here every chance I get. Baba Ghannouj is outstanding. I have been coming here for over 10 years.
Fantastic food and friendly service... Never a bad meal here and always fresh. We have come to make this one of our steady goto regular places to go...
I've been a customer of Saba's almost since the day they opened. I've seen it go from a very quiet, hidden neighborhood gem to the bustling destination restaurant it is today It's still an "unfancy," strip mall, hole-in-the-wall location - the only difference is, a LOT more people know about it and love it, as much as I do! I can't think of a single thing on their menu (and I've had most of it) that didn't leave me happy, satisfied and wanting to come back the next day At least half the time, I've made a meal out of the combo appetizer plates, so I got a taste of many instead of just one. Each one of the many is better than the next. Spanikopita, dolmades, baba ghannouj, tabbouleh (I could live on tabbouleh!)...all wonderful! A more recent appetizer on the menu, are the spicy feta fries (french fries, hot buffalo wing sauce and melty feta) sounds "unusual" but is highly addictive. And, as odd as it may seem, I'd like to give a special shout out for their rice. There's something about the basmati/vermicelli that is deeply flavorful and I always want to bring extra home with me. In addition, I'll order the prawns for take out (so the sauce is on the side) and eat them plain...just so I can save the sauce to use on a second meal. If they made a soup out of the prawn sauce...I'd drink it! My only "complaint" about Saba's is...I used to live in the neighborhood, and it was easy to be a regular patron; but I moved out to Fountain Hills three years ago, and it's no longer quite as convenient. I do wish you'd open a location closer to me!!!
This was a top notch pita. It was the chicken sharmwa in which the chicken breast strips are cut thin and marinated in a lemon garlic sauce and then a tzatzhzki sauce is put inside the pita which contains a bunch of dill and more garlic and all tucked into a fresh pita with lettuce and tomatoes. For 75 more cents, you obviously need to get the feta and onions added and that takes this pita to a new level. It is a sit down place, but at least at 2:30pm on a weekday service was quick and fast and friendly. Use the YELP check-in for 10 percent off and your out the door stuffed for 8 bucks. No need to get the combo in my opinion, but might be worth it to try the soup next time for a bit extra. This was a top five greek pita along with one I reviewed two weeks ago in Phoenix.
Definitely a 'cool' place for kids! Video games to entertain, a play area for smaller tikes and a very accommodating staff. Yes, they have my recommendation for yelpers.
This shop is great! They are fast, know their stuff and have helped me with everything from a custom piece, to repairing my favorite super delicate necklace. I can't say enough good things. Location is super easy as well - I park at Sears at PV mall and walk right through and the shop is right there. Great staff - Great work - So glad I found them!
My boyfriend and I ate her Sunday afternoon and from the moment we walked in to the moment we walked out there were definatly no complaints. Got seated immediatly. Our server greeted us immediatly, got out drinks immediatly, and gave us the perfect amount of time to look over our menus. My boyfriend got a chocolate shake - mmmmm I should have got one- Delicious. Side Ceasar salad to start - nice and fresh and crisp lettuce - always a plus. We got a Burger and a chicken lettuce wrap for lunch. His burger was cooked to perfection and my chicken lettuce wrap was very tasty. And ofcourse their french fries are awesome aswell . Got our bill- very inexpensive. Great atmosphere, Great food, Great service!! No complaints
We have been frequenting Brother's Tailoring since they first opened. They were awesome then and they still are today. Over the years we have had hundreds of garments fixed, shortened, altered, etc, all done perfectly and promptly. As of late I have bought a few suits and several pants for work. Gus, Margarita and their son have taken great care of myself and my family. I love Mom & Pop shops and this place embodies what a full service tailer should be.
This is my first five star rating. Our server Miriam was bright smiley and energetic. She did a special order waffle for us and it was delicious! I live the theatrical way she poured our coffee. She even poured our refills!! The facilities were clean and the place was very busy but we were seated immediately. This is our second visit. We will always visit this location when we are in the area.
They are back to their old wonderful form. The food was even better than I had remembered. The chef often bonuses your room service order. This is a wonderful place. I go twice a year and would stay no where else.
Los Alamos with Julio, its owner, is one of those rare jewels that keeps us searching HolesInTheWall for Nirvana. We started eating there weekly in 2007 until recently when I moved and go back whenever in the area. Have sampled every item on his menu over the years, at Julio's insistence, and found not one I didn't find excellent, even if skeptical at first! Especially like his signature Alamo Torta with three meats- It's To Die For and Huge. Not only is the food great, but Julio's personality makes it all the better. We quickly became friends (you can't help it) and good friends shortly after, sharing life stories. Julio and his brother (Los Alamo's regular chef) are accomplished in the Kitchen and it shows. Many dishes are Julio's own recipes with the remainder coming from grandparents near Sonora in Sonora. Lord, they must eat well on that rancho.
I love coming here my dad takes me here my cousin and my grandpa go here. Al is the best barber in Pheonix Ryan P.
Super friendly staff providing delicious drink and food options. I'm always greeted with a smile. This Jamba Juice is consistent with all the others. Same decor, drink and food options. They also sell pre made sandwiches that are sitting in a small cooler.
Wonderful dinner. Totally enjoyed the eggplant parm and the polo Roma Garden. Service was great. (thanks Jen). Would definitely return. Italian cooking at it's BEST.
Best Italian food I've ever had. They got us in late notice on New Years Eve with a packed house. We will be regular customers even though it is a 40 minute drive. Steve was a great waiter and got us a free dessert for the food taking a little longer than normal.
Before yelp, my wife and I would always go the safe route when traveling to places we weren't familiar with. If we wanted Italian, we'd go with the familiar restaurants like Olive Garden or something else well known. The Roma Garden is literally a hidden gem. If you happened to spot it from one of the main roads in Phoenix, you wouldn't even take a second look since it's in a plaza where every other unit is out of business. Thanks to Yelp, we discovered this gem and found it to be the best Italian cuisine we've ever had. Plus, the owner and waitress were very friendly and spent a lot of time getting to know us and also sharing other hidden gems within the city. We would definitely go again. Make sure you tell them you found them on Yelp.
Still a regular. There are many nail places in the valley but this is the one for me. I can always expect superior service and attention to detail from friendly folks. My mother lives 9 miles away and this is her nail place too. That is saying a lot!
I have been bringing my car to Cathedral for about five years. I trust them implicitly, have never had a problem, and have sworn off my dealership forever. Probably the best advertising is that while you're there, every other customer who comes in knows Shane and John by name, and have also been bringing their cars here for years. I'm about to take my car in for some regular maintenance work knowing that the prices are fair, workmanship excellent - and they won't create additional work that that doesn't need to be done - which is really where the trust comes in.
Fun and friendly staff!
My favorite nail salon for pedicures :) they have the best nail polish color selection!
Very relaxing! ! Ask for Tina!! Massage chairs are awesome and they even have fun chairs for your little princess! !
I've been coming to Yusefs now for awhile to get gyro meat to go, along with their fresh feta, pitas and cucumber yogurt. BEST I'VE HAD! Finally I was able to eat there as they have a kitchen and OMG, it was delis and the prices are fabulous. I ordered the lentil soup and holy cow, it was UNREAL! I got the gyro plate with gyro meat and fresh rice (basmati?) and it was fabulous. Gyro Greek salad was amazing too. I love coming here because the owner is nice and very sweet!!!!! I recommend you try this little gem!! It's worth the drive!
When I was a dancer I always came here for everything. Shoes, leotards, skirts, and accessories. They have every type of dance shoe and a wide variety of everything dancers need and want. I'm not sure how many dance shops are in the area, but all of my instructors always recommended this place which is not very close to our studio. The staff is all very kind and knowledgeable which trust me is a very good thing. Dance shoes can get confusing! There are at least three different kind of tap shoes! Dee's also has costume rentals so if you ever need a crazy costume at the last minute Dee's can help you out with that too!
My transmission was slipping in my truck and I researched shops on YELP and stumbled across Kens. From the moment we called them, they were nothing but helpful, honest, friendly, and very knowledgeable. Their price was significantly lower than the rest (about 20 other shops that we called) and they included a warranty. I got my truck back and it is running like a champ! I am so very pleased and will recommend them to any family member or friend. Phil was wonderful to work with and Ken was great too!
Introduced to Sun State in response call for service to home warranty company, Old Republic. Not disappointed. From the very quick call back and quick response to the knowledgeable, efficient correction of the problem, just a wonderful experience with Sun State. Sean and his assistant were on time and efficient in their work. Making short work of my AC problem. A quick check of 5 other units and corrected potential problems,ensuring a cool summer season. Wonderful old world values of service and honesty.
We go to Arties all the time and have never had any issues and love it more now that they have a post office in the back, so we don't have to drive to the post office. It is a little cramped, but the staff has always been great in helping me find things. I also love the fact that I can take my dog. She loves to go in there but I won't take her during very busy times.
Always a great place to stop in for a drink while shopping in the PV Mall area. No one stares at you when you walk in. Just walk in, sit down, and enjoy good service and drinks. If you are hungry, bring your own food or order delivery to the bar (they don't mind). This is not a place for dinner and drinks... It's also not a dive bar with regulars slumped over the bar that stare at you when you walk in. Check it out. See you this weekend!
Great Sushi the best i have ever had. I have tried a lot of places in many different cities and this is the best. Everything from their regular roles of spicy tuna or yellow tail to their off menu's specialties like the nitro roll or OMG(OH MY GOD) roll. I live 45 minutes away and go here every week and can't get enough.
My family & I have been taking our cars to Kelly Clark Automotive for at least the past 8 years, and have had amazing service from Jim, Mitchell and their team. As a young woman, taking my car to a repair shop can be nerve-wracking because I'm afraid I will be taken advantage of. Kelly Clark is run like a family business, and they always take care of me and are very knowledgable. They handle all makes, models & brands of cars and have helped out my friends as well. I highly recommend Kelly Clark Automotive Specialists.
Love love love love Hubbard! I used to nanny for an 18 month old until she was 3. We did swimming lessons the entire time - usually with Mary Beth. She was my favorite swim teacher, but they are all very good. Everyone has slightly different teaching methods so I think many people just prefer their first teacher since that is who they are used to. I love how the teachers are firm - with the class I was in the kids are there to learn survival skills mainly, and also beginning swim skills - so this is serious stuff! They are firm with the parents on what they need to do to help their kids. When i had my daughter we went to hubbard before she turned 6 months old for free! For the under 6 month crowd it's purely water acclimation - you won't be getting any amazing techniques, but it helps get the babies used to the water. It's $70 per month for one class per week, and we just can't afford it right now - but I am waiting and waiting for the day when we have some extra cash so I can enroll my daughter! Until then, I do the songs that I learned there in our pool and I still remember so many of the techniques from when I nannied so I apply them with my daughter.
My husband and I were in the area yesterday having lunch and stopped here on our way back home. Most people don't enjoy grocery shopping, but I enjoyed shopping here. We live within 5 blocks of Sunflower Market and do 99% of our shopping there, I didn't think there would be a huge difference between the 2 stores, but I was wrong. The produce at Sprouts is fantastic. I bought oranges that were the size of grapefruits and grapefruits that were the size of melons. You get more bang for your buck at Sprouts without spending more money. Whenever we are in the area again we will certainly return, I look forward to my next visit:)
Super fun! Low key. Nice bar staff and Karaoke. Inexpensive beer. Just a nice place to relax in a non judgmental place..
Its a small joint but oohhh is it ever sentimental. The pizza is delicious and the subs are equally divine! I had not been back to this location since High School days at Shadow Mtn. I have never had a bad pie at Streets of NY!
The Peking fried rice and Mongolian beef are amazing. Definitely the best Chinese food on this side of town. Staff is friendly and helpful.
Sizzling rice soup is a must. There isn't a bad thing on the menu, been eating here for over 20 years.
I was referred here by a nursery, looking for an out of date irrigation part. It was such a joy to encounter intelligent, helpful people who genuinely cared about service. They fixed me up with the parts I needed and were a pleasure to work with.
One if my favorite tack stores for all of my horse supplies. Love the local family owned atmosphere. I have been going here for over 16 years and always have the same great experience. They now have a yearly customer appreciation day which is not to be missed. They hand out generous samples, have live band, raffles and really good BBQ. If you don't have horses or livestock they also carry great dog food, ones that are better quality ingredients than you would get from petsmart.
Vets are friendly, vet techs make you feel welcome, prices are great (they don't charge an office visit when your pet gets shots and you get a check-up). Only complaint I have is that when my pet has gotten sick it can be tricky to get in. But otherwise, they're really fantastic!
I graduated from sca in 99 & now my children attend the school. I absolutely love the elementary staff. What a joy to watch my children learning the bible and applying it to real life. I don't have to worry about what world view the teacher is trying to teach my kids.
Wonderful caring community of teachers and administrators. My daughter is learning above her grade level and is making true and life long friends. We have been pleased with the ability for my daughter to get extra help if needed or to advance as needed. Small class sizes make for individual attention, the teachers are all truly invested in their students success. We would never send our daughter anywhere else.
I never thought I would give a chain restaraunt 5 stars, but I work close to work. I find myself going to Cousins because its priced well and usually before I am done paying for my sandwich, its already made for me. The owner and her employees are always very friendly unlike the zit faced morons at Jack in the box, Subway or other chains. The italian sub on italian bread is 10x better than any Subway sub. well there ya go, take it or leave it, if you want a very quick place to grab a sando for under $6 go here! Visit me if you are looking for a new car or truck at Centennial Leasing and sales and ask for Gary! My inventory is at www.autobrokeraz.com
This place is great. Every year we buy our firewood here. Very reasonable prices and they load it for you too! While the don't take credit or debit, they take cash and check. Great selection, great prices, excellent service! You have a forever customer!!
I almost bought a used car at a traditional dealership. They told me how they have the mechanic look over the car and they only sell cars in perfect condition. I had my mechanic look it over and he found over $1200 in repairs needed. The next day I went to see Bob Bloom at Centennial. He showed me the carfax and the off site inspection and repair bill. Centennial isn't a traditional dealership. All the cars are inside and they set a fair price. No need to negotiate. We bought my son's first car from Bob and it was a great experience. I recommend you call Centennial and ask for Bob, you won't regret it. Tell them, Pat sent you :)
I have been buying cars from Bill Levitt for about 10 years. It doesn't matter where he goes, I'll buy the vehicle from him. He always has my best interests at heart and doesn't pressure me into a decision I'll regret. I always know that I'll get the best price from Bill. The great thing about Centennial is that you can have ANY car you want! If you're looking for a used Honda Pilot, he'll get it for you. If you want a new Toyota 4Runner, he can get that for you! If it's Ford, Chevy or whatever, he'll get it for you at the best possible price - and he can get you any make or model! I emailed Bill, told him what I was looking for and the car was at Centennial within 24 hours. Buying the car was a breeze. He found the best possible interest rate for me and the paperwork took 10 minutes tops. No sitting in a finance office being high pressured into a bunch of add ons. This will change the way that you purchase cars ... for the better! No trapsing around car lots with the vultures descending down on you trying to high pressure you into a purchase. All the vehicles are parked in a spotless indoor climate controlled warehouse - this is a great car buying concept. I highly recommend Bill Levitt and Centennial for all your vehicle needs.
Rocks, paper, scissors...choose rocks..cuz thier jynormous tortillas rock! Not to mention their machaca...plus every other thing I have ever had there...I like the South location the best, but Cactus will do when heading North.
Yes, I love Carolina's. It's pretty damned good. If you haven't been there then I suggest you check it out. Even if only to experience the atmosphere and not necessarily the food. But the food will keep you coming back. I wish I lived closer but it's probably a good thing that I don't. I'd be eating foot-long Oaxaca burritos ($4.45) everyday. I love them. A Oaxaca burro consists of potatoes, beans, chorizo and cheese, and it's Sonoran bliss. I also love the red chile burros. I'm a burro guy so I pretty much stick to anything rolled in a tortilla. Criticisms: Seating area sucks. Inefficient use of existing space (what's up with no seating in that first room area?), that's about it. Definitely go there. And give me a call or a PM when you are so I can give you my order.
Best tortillas in the state hands down. The usual for me is a bean n cheese burrito double wrapped. There salsa is also unique and delicious. Wouldn't mind if this place was opened later....
I live in San Diego, but over the 10 years I lived in PHX, I developed a serious LOVE for this place. Now, I have my family bring me a huge to-go order every time they come visit. I just got my most recent rations and am as in love as ever...and so full I can't move. This simply the best Mexican food I have ever had. Even when I lived in town, I would almost never eat at the restaurant. Instead, get a quart of machaca, beans, rice and of salsa and get a couple dozen tortillas and you are set. A burrito with those ingredients is simply heaven on earth to me. Carolina's rocks!
Love the food. It gets so busy during lunch I will call in my order. I love the green chile burro. I will also buy my tortillas there too.
This is where I pick up my Bountiful Basket occasionally. While the food for the co-op is already packaged up for the pick-up, they also have other offerings available at great prices! There is ample parking and super friendly staff. I've even had people help me out with my bounty.
I used PreFlight this past weekend for a trip home to CA. The location was so convenient and the people were all very nice. I love how they pick you up at your car and even take you right back to your exact spot. You can choose between covered and uncovered and their prices are very reasonable. I will use them again in the future and I will make sure to spread the word!
One of the best we have found in Phoenix. Their ribs are excellent, hot links good (could be a bit spicier) and brisket very good. They even have BBQ lamb, which a few of my friends love. I go there every time I am in the area. They used to have a location on the West side of town but the landlord got greedy and raised the rent too high, so the one East of the Airport is the only one... for now! Going there for lunch today!
Best seafood in Phoenix! This little gem is nothing fancy, but the food is fabulous. I highly recommend the lobster and crab. They also just opened a new patio for this fall. It definitely satisfies my seafood cravings without hurting my wallet.
I brought my Moen white/ brass roman tub spout to be refinished brushed nickel to match my recently updated bathroom fixtures. Unfortunately, I discovered after leaving the tub project for last, Moen no longer makes a replacement for older spouts. My only options were to replace the entire tub and fixtures for $1000, keep the old fixtures that clashed with the new ones or have the spout re-plated. I was reluctant to use Papago Plating after reading some of the reviews on Yelp, but went ahead with the order anyway. If you are looking for immaculate antiseptic office this may not be the place for you. However, the business looks like a typical small job-shop one might find anywhere. The lady that waited on me was very pleasant, knowledgeable and accurate with the final cost and completion date. It took one week and only cost $42. Wow! Papago Plating did a fantastic job. The spout matches the new tub handles perfectly.
First things first... FREE WIRELESS?!!! I love you Sky Harbor. I don't travel very often for work but when I do I always end up having to pay $6 for 2 hours worth of wireless, and I often only get to use about 45 minutes of that before I have to board my flight. This does not make me happy. So free wireless would get you 5 stars in my book, but add on the fact that it was the fastest check-in and security process I've ever been through (on a Friday morning no less!!), makes me love this airport. Hopefully I will get to come back to Phoenix Sky Harbor because although I'd never thought I would say it, this airport made travel a pleasant experience! Go Phoenix!
As a proud Phoenician born and raised, there is some sort of civic pride when I mention my airport. It is a very busy airport, indeed...but it is efficient, nonetheless. Also, before reading, keep in mind that TSA, across the board, is always a crapshoot of crapiness. I leave them out of my reviews, because we all know how "lovely" they are. ~The Good~ Sky Harbor is one of the busiest airports in the world, and they are very efficient. I have never waited on the tarmac to take off, in my 27 years of flying out of the place. As air trends have evolved, so has Sky Harbor. We as a society locally have trended to hip and fun food joints, so what did Sky Harbor do? They brough in local popular merchants like LGO and gave them their own stores in terminals. SCORE! I hate feeling like I am trapped in a cookie cutter food joint, so being able to attend an airport, and STILL eat local, that is full of win. Another nice thing is that Sky Harbor has volunteers that roam the terminals to guide aimless travelers. I have never used them, but they are always gracious and kind, and seem ready to help. Being a big airport, you would think its a mess getting through the TSA. But since weather isn't a big issue, we can always count on arriving at a set time prior to flight to get ready for pre-boarding. I am a planner, so knowing I do not have to plan random variables is a big plus. The airport is right in the middle of all the action, and is 15 minutes away from most cities in Phoenix Metro. How much else can I say? They really did it right when they built this airport...and they continue to provide great service. ~The Bad~ I have no real complaints...The parking rates are goofy, but that's the same way it is at most airports...If you are parking and leaving your car for an extended period of time, there are vendors who can provide much cheaper options, so problemo solved! I think my only beef is with some of the expansions they have done, which seem to not really have helped much. The people-mover they built seems to try to make us more of a tech-savvy or next-generation airport, but we aren't an inner-city kind of town, so the mover was, in my mind, a big waste of money. Oh well. Nice airport, just wish they would put money in the right spots. ~The Down Low~ Great airport. No complaints. 5 stars for customer service, flight success rate, updated restaurant/amenity selections, location, and general ease of travel. Do not hesitate flying in to this airport, Phoenix is an awesome city with an awesome-sauce airport. Woot!
Time through TSA = no wait. Friendly people. Lots of interesting looking places to eat plus a local brewery spot. Clean too! It's funny, I usually like PDX the best, but didn't have a great experience the last time I was there, whereas PHX was super easy. The temperature is a bit stuffy, but hey it's Arizona. Getting in and out of the airport can be a little tricky, but nice airport overall.
it's an airport with free wi-fi for christ's sake!
I love this airport! It's so simple to drop-off and pick-up and there's always plenty of cell phone parking! It's a major hub and I can easily get a non-stop to just about anywhere in the world! Plus, it's only 15 min from my house!
I enjoy the eateries and the shopping. TSA can be very aggregating, but not that much more than other airports. The SkyTrain is a big upgrade to the airport and lessens the necessary traffic near the terminals. It can be boarded at the Light Rail/ outer cell phone lot and from the East Long Term Parking. Terminal 4 has nice restaurants and shops giving it the feel of a mall more than an airport.
Great Food, Amazing staff!
Loved this place.. HI CHLOE!
Yes, I love Gateway community college. I first received college credits from here while I was in high school. The set buildings are indoors so if you are taking general classes the main building is an indoor facility, and that is where the cafeteria and main computer labs are. The health programs building is indoors as well so it is a much welcome relief in the summer here in sweltering Arizona. The teachers here are great, I received my Health Unit Coordinating certificate from here. All of the health programs are extensive but you learn a lot and there is a sense of community at this school. They offer a lot of lucrative programs here such as x-ray technician programs, nursing, respiratory ect.
Surprisingly empty during lunch hour. No frills restaurant located off of the 28th Street /Washington light rail station. Had the three piece catfish meal with fries, shrimp, hush puppies and a large drink for under $12. Meal is cooked to order instead of sitting in a bin under a heat lamp waiting for you. Generous portions, scalding hot, and unlike those other places comes with more fish than breading. Flavorful and great value. Definitely will be back.
got an old school bus but it was well worth the money had to use this as a last minute deal to Las Vegas the phoenix station was not too ghetto but you could tell it was not in the best area but the driver was hilarious some lady overslept and was supposed to go to bull head city wound up waking up in the vegas bus station and tried to flip out on the driver and he let her know haha but listen you gotta do what you gotta do sometime my seat was never snatched when i went to the rest room and my space was respected would suggest you take this as a last resort tho flying is wayyyy quicker ood luck
Phoenix was the *first* [or right close to the first] city to have an Archaeologist on staff. Pueblo Grande was why. If you don't *yet* know about the Hohokam, when you get there, ask. I've been going there for several Centuries. Now that I think of it, I haven't been for a while. I better go again. Go there. Walk around on the mound. Let your imagination transport you back a thousand years. Enjoy.
We've done the amusement park, it was pretty fun, but we like to come here for the arcade. I can put just 10 bucks on a card, and my husband, the kids, and I can be here all afternoon playing the quarter arcade games. The last time we went with 20 dollars on the card and we played whatever the kids wanted, with the intention of adding more game time. But the 20 bucks lasted us 3 hours, so we decided to call it a day after we were done. This is always a cool, chill place to go burn off some time and treat the kids to some fun.
After searching 4 other nurseries for help identifying plants in my landscaping, with no luck, the staff at Whitfill's took one look at the photos on my camera and nailed three here-to-fore mystery plants. And they had them in stock. Very helpful and professional. I have found my first stop for future landscaping needs.
I love this place. Its loud, colorful and fun to shop. There are soooooooo many things in this store that are very uncommon finds. They carry items you wont find locally anywhere else. The prices are great and the restaurant food tastes awesome.
One of my favorite places to get a gyro. Family owned place, definitely a hole in the wall but sometimes those are the best. Very friendly staff, good food, quick, great lunch spot during the work week.
This place is the way to go when you have broken luggage. It seems that almost everyone I know goes here to get their bags repaired. So I thought I would give it a try as well. RIght on the counter is a big Yelp sticker, saying people on Yelp love us! Well I guess that is true! I have so far taken 2 things here to be repaired and both times they did above and beyond great! It is just a little shop on the West side of the street, and the South side of the bridge. Not easy to find the first time , but after that you will remember it. They are closed on Sunday, and Saturday is only for pick up and drop off. No repairs on that day. But, if you need something fixed right the first time this is the place.
I used to go to this restaurant quite often, years ago. Didn't realize that they were open again until I read a fellow yelpers review about attending recently. My team at work wanted to do breakfast together, so I hastily suggested that we go to this cozy spot. I called ahead to inform them that a semi large group was coming. They said they would get a table ready and let the kitchen know. As I entered my first thought was that the place looks so nice inside! They have cozy little tables that look refinished from what I remember. I suggested the chicken fried steak and eggs to everyone because it is apparently to die for (and it was!). Many members of my team ordered it and those that didn't looked longingly at it as it passed under their noses. Our waitress was very friendly and gave suggestions as needed. She didn't seem to blink an eye that it was such a large table. The food came out quickly and was very yummy! She broke up the check for us, no questions asked. I am so excited that this restaurant is open again! I will definitely be going back as it is right near work (although that could be a bad thing!)
When you need business cards, brochures and anything you can think of Glen is you guy. He has come through for me on a few occasions and even dropping off the brochures and magnets at a event I was doing and forgot I was out of brochures. Great quality, Great Service and Great Prices. Thanks Glen.
Took a road trip to San Diego for the holidays and stopped in Phoenix after 13 hours on the road from Denver. This hotel welcomed me with extremely fast and friendly service. The room was extra clean, and I loved the way it was set up. The furnishings were really nice (the desk was very stylish) and the room was bright. I ended up sleeping like a baby on both visits (I returned on the way back to stay away from the always icy Rocky Mountains). Plenty of amenities that everyone loves, including an exercise room, business center, restaurant on site, etc. On the return trip, I had dinner in the restaurant, and the customer service was fast and friendly. I have joined the Hilton Honors club and will stay in Hiltons from now on. Great job everyone!
This hotel was awesome! I am absolutely making it a point to return to the Hilton Garden Inn at the Phoenix airport because I had such a great experience. When I arrived they had an assortment of welcome beverages including flavored water. The hotel room was in fantastic condition and there was a Keurig! I ate at the hotel twice because the food was very good and the staff made me feel very welcome. Paul and Olivia did an exceptional job delivering A++ service, and I would highly recommend this hotel because of their service.
I am so happy I chose S & M Moving to help with my move to Colorado. They are affiliated with United Van Lines, which is how I found them. My initial contact with S & M was when Nathan Brinker came to my apartment to give me a quote. He was professional, friendly and knowledgeable. When it came time for the movers to come, I was called a few days before to confirm the time frame. I was given an 8 - 9 a.m. time frame, but the movers arrived right at 8 a.m. Again, the movers (Alan and Rick) that came to take my gazillion boxes were professional and friendly. They were also very helpful and let me know what they were doing and why.
Great people, very friendly. AMAZING prices.
As others have noted, Richard has a huge selection of cacti in from 1 gallon to 24" box containers. He has an expert's knowledge of plants and is happy to help customers select the plants that will best meet their needs. His prices are excellent. It was a pleasure to do business at Phoenix Desert Nursery, and I would not hesitate to go back for more purchases or to refer my friends to PDN.
If you are looking for a good Western 'City Slicker' experience this is the place to go! I have been taking friends visiting from out of town to Ponderosa Stables for over 4 years now. By far their best ride is the T-bone steak evening ride. You ride off into the sunset into the South Mountains and enjoy the beautiful desert scenery as the sun paints a glorious colorful sky over the mountains. At one point there is a beautiful lookout view of the Valley of the Sun, which is a great for pictures. About an hour and a half later as the sun drops below the crest of the hill and your butt starts to ache from straddling a saddle, you arrive at the T-Bone Steak House, where you tie up your horse and go in for a drink and good food. I have met the owner and he is a genuinely nice fellow and is proud of his restaurant. The steaks are perfectly cooked with a basic salt and pepper seasoning. Their grilled corn on the cob is my favorite side and every meal comes with an open salad bar, nothing fancy but it hits the spot after a long ride. After you drain the drop of your last drink and the moon is rising, you saddle back up and ride back home at night. It is amazing to see the city scape at night from the mountainside, hear the sounds of desert life in the distance, and experience watching the horses expertly traverse the terrain in the dark! The ride back seems to go faster, but I think that is because the horses are excited they are going home for the evening. I think the age limit for this ride is 6 and the weight limit is around 250lbs. The cost is about $45. It is well worth it and will keep coming back; I have never had a disappointing experience at Ponderosa Stables! Yeeehaaaw! :)
I have to say this is the most interesting thing i saw in the entire state. Really cool burned brick artwork and Upcycle architecture. I want to build my own castle now.. totally worth the $10 if your looking for a tourist attraction to liven up a road trip...
Love Love Love this place. Authentic Mexican food. I had the beef tacos and beef tamale plate with rice and beans! So yummy. Highly recommend
Absolutely delicious and my favorite place in town. This meal Is always two hours long though, service is extremely slow no matter which server you get. One of my top request is don't starve my thirst and refills are hard to come by. Food makes up for the slow service, be sure to check out the coupons in the newspapers and weekly adds.
Good Chinese delivery!!
I seriously felt like I was in a movie when we had a leisurely Sunday lunch here. Even though the drive was a haul for us from North Scottsdale, it was worth every mile and cent of gas. The parking is ample and convenient, and the atmosphere is just amazing. Who doesn't love eating at picnic tables under pecan trees on a gorgeous fall day? I found all of the pansies and other flowers so charming. The bathrooms were adorable - almost shabby chic and cottage rustic. It is so authentic it almost looks like a movie set. I ordered the turkey sandwich with cranberry sauce on whole grain bread....mmmmmm. The turkey was like Thanksgiving turkey, not the nasty, slimy deli stuff. The bread was toasted and flavorful, and the cranberry sauce was plump and fresh. I also had the homemade vegetable soup with melted cheese on top. Wow. My husband thoroughly enjoyed his Greek wrap as well. I just loved watching the families eat on blankets while kids chased soccer balls and the family dog. It was like a little fairyland that reminds you what is good in life. It is such a simple place but the aura is amazingly alive and intense. I can hardly wait to return sans the in laws. That will be much more romantic!
I took my out-of-town visitor here based on the rave reviews other yelpers gave it and, let me just say, there was no disappointment! It was a bit chilly because we had to eat outside in mid-January, but they had heat lamps out to make sure people didn't freeze their arses off (however, it would be wise to bring a jacket depending on how sensitive to cold ya are). As soon as we got there, a nice young waitress brought out a basket of scones and muffins in case we wanted to buy any for $2.95. I had some kind of almond sweet delicious-ness of a muffin and it was well worth the 3 bucks. I then ordered a la carte and had eggs and rosemary taters. My friend had a mushroom and tomato omelette. Boy did we enjoy ourselves. It was a very pleasant, airy, light-hearted kind of environment, complete with little finches chirping and flitting about here and there as if you were in the movie "Willow" or something. My friend couldn't deny the finches crumbs from her tasty herbed biscuit. If it were me, I woulda scarfed down the whole thing and said to hell with the finches. Either way, we both had a wonderful time. It was a great way to end her visit to Arizona before her flight back to North Carolina. Although the prices were a little bit on the higher side (hovering around 10 bucks a dish, including bottomless coffee), it was well worth it. And it's also refreshing to visit a breakfast place that actually attempts to be organic and doesn't deep-fry everything it serves.
Being that this place is on the South Mountain side of Phoenix, near where we were staying, with not one other place around us that YELPers recommended, we knew this would be on our to do list for our trip. The place is not open on Mondays and breakfast has limited hours during the week. There are three separate restaurant/eating areas on the farm. The lunch area is close to 32nd street with a canopy covered area and then lots of picnic tables deeper into the property. Back deep into the property there is a breakfast place, Morning Glory and the dinner restaurant, whose name eludes me right now. We dropped in for breakfast (almost missed it.) We were able to seat ourselves and chose an umbrella covered table to stay out of the sun. The red and white checkered table cloths were very cute and very gave the whole area a homey feeling. Drinks here are serve yourself and you can just walk up and get what you like. (Try the lemonade/iced tea combo, aka. an Arnold Palmer, yummy. ) The wait staff were very nice and friendly. They asked where we were from and made a little conversation. SG got the French toast and I got a simple egg dish. The setting was gorgeous. I am not sure how it would be on a summer day in Phoenix, but March was perfect, especially with umbrellas to cover from the sun. Our food arrived fairly quickly. My dish was straight forward but good. SG's French toast was to die for. It was homemade bread, very thick and super good. The lunch place was absolutely packed. This was a Thursday and the line was really long. Tons of mom's with little kids and people who look like they were on lunch break from work nearby. Food is served in baskets and then you can take it to your table. It seemed to be more like sandwiches and sides. I do not think there are servers, only counter service, and mostly it appeared to be cold foods. We did not get a chance to eat here. I have rated this place a 5 because the place is just such a great setting. All of the eating areas seemed to have great setups for groups, families, and couples. A designated room is set up for rental and parties. I think this would be a pretty great place to get married too and have the reception. Ifr only it had been in CA.
I love this place!!! This brown bag sandwich, salad, and soup place is soooo good. Although a little pricey ($15 pp sandwich+drink), it's worth every penny. You will know what I mean when you sit down at a picnic table in the sun, under huge pecan trees. If you have kids or dogs , bring them with their frisbees and toys. The turkey club sandwich is excellent, so is the chicken salad sandwich. ALL of their salads are amazing, as are their sides (dreaming of their sweet potato salad). The ingredients used are top quality, fresh, and amazing!
One of my best girlfriends got married here this weekend and all I have to say is AMAZING!!!!! The location is spectacular and a hidden gem in the middle of the desert. I am from the Midwest and it really felt like I was back home. I have had brunch at the cafe here and walked around the property when my friend decided it was the location for her Wedding. The BBQ dinner that was prepared for the Wedding reception was so yummy!!! And the staff was amazing and stealthlike...things were always taken care of but you hardly noticed that the staff was there and when you did they were so accomodating and friendly. My only caution is to any bride who thinks this is a beautiful setting but does not consider that you are at a FARM! The bride's dress was filthy after dragging it across the ground and everyone's shoes were dusty but no one at this Wedding cared. If this might bother you or guests, this may not be the place for you. I urged female friends to wear wedges or flats because heels will dig right into the grass at the Farm. Regardless of the event, go check out the Farm at South Mountain. You can grab lunch and sit at one of the picnic tables and just enjoy the beauty of the property. Thank you to The Farm for making my friend's Wedding day the best it could possibly be!
We have been meaning to get around to hiking since moving out here (there aren't many mountains in Tampa or New Orleans you know), and I am proud to say that we finally got around to it this past weekend. We parked at the Pima Canyon area (off 48th Street, I think), and we were immediately concerned that it was going to be like Disney World. My goodness were there a lot of cars! If someone wanted to start a business, they should valet cars at this place. Oh wait, I was coming for exercise.....never mind. Most people here don't mind walking. Anyway, we did a fairly short but very fun hike on the National Trail (and then we veered up for a strenuous incline - sorry, I am not very good at reading mountain maps, I just know I like the exercise, so I don't know what trail we were technically on). In any event, we thoroughly enjoyed our time here. Once we were on the trail, we were thrilled to learn that the Disney World crowds were very evenly dispersed throughout the park. We actually felt like we were fairly isolated (but being able to see human life did bring me comfort). Such a fun and highly recommended activity for a beautiful day in Phoenix!
Went here at sunset, was cool to see. A good place to relax.
Love South Mountain Park. It is such a great place to get some exercise and enjoy AZ! I take my dog for a trail run about every other week and always seem to find a new trail to explore (that may be because the trails aren't marked very well, but I can always find my way back to the car). I have to say the maps at the trail heads are a bit washed out, so before the "smart phone" I had a difficult time determining how far I had actually hiked. Now that I have the cardio trainer on my Droid I can see I was padding my workouts juuuuust a bit... :) Trails can vary from easy to intense, depending on how hard you push yourself. You can get a great workout or enjoy a nice stroll, makes it a great place to take out-of-towners. Parking is good in the summer (of course) and decent in the spring and fall. Expect to walk a bit to the trail head, especially in the winter - but that is what you are there for! The only day I CONSISTENTLY have trouble parking is Superbowl Sunday... is Camelback Mountain closed on that day? :)
I live a couple of blocks away from the Javelina trailhead up by the Fire Department on 42cd place. This park is huge (South Mountain Park/Preserve is the largest municipal park in the nation, bigger than Central park in New York!) and has trails running all over it. I take my dogs for walks up in there and they blindly follow me up and down the sides of the mountains - on the trails of course that are already established - huffing and puffing away. It's awesome during the cooler months, I still hike the thing even in 110 degree heat. No, they have never had to send someone to rescue me due to being overcome with heat, I have lived in AZ most of my life. Just don't go in there, whatever time of year, without water! Just saying this is a great hiking park. I would have to second the comment about some of the bikers going through there occasionally, seemingly wanting to mow you down, though. Usually everyone - whether on shoes or on wheels - are very good about moving aside for each other, but occasionally you get the biker or the biking group that thinks they have supreme right of way. I always move aside for bikers excepting when I get a "command" from one of them to move out of their way. What, are they going to run my Great Danes over?!! Lol, I think not. Attitude given gets attitude back, at least from me. I have also noticed quite a large number of coyotes out there, especially at dusk, eyeing my dogs. I really have no fear of them, especially towing dogs that large with me, but I just recommend being wary of them. I have never heard of coyotes attacking anyone over there. Finally, there IS an element of homeless people that DO take up refuge in various places in that mountain range. Some of them are - pretty scary looking. The only thing I can say is that Arizona now allows you to carry a concealed weapon with you without any kind of permit. I don't expect to ever have to use a firearm, but there is also nothing wrong with ensuring that you come out of that mountain range in the same condition you went in: ALIVE!!
One of my favorite places to hike, trail run, and ride my bike. There is so much variety on the mountain - easier trails, more difficult ones, and longer and shorter options. My husband proposed on a hike on South Mountain, and we took our engagement photos there. It's a beautiful place to spend time, and it's typically not very crowded when we do.
South Mountain Park is the largest municipal park in the country. It's mentioned by National Geographic Magazine as one of the top 5 City hiking destinations in the country http://adventure.nationalgeographic.com/adventure/trips/best-trails/best-us-hiking-cities/#/phoenix-south-mountain-park_37656_600x450.jpg Driving into the park from the main entrance on Central Ave allows you to catch any number of trail-heads with access to parking. One of our favorite trails is the Holbert Trail - takes you through a valley with petroglyphs (easy 1 mile hike RT), but then leads you up one of the most challenging trails up the mountain to the cell-phone towers. If you have the time, take it - it's worth the travel and the challenge is not the trail itself but more the elevation climb. My other favorite is the Kawanis trail: This trail is a short 1 mile climb to a ramada where you can catch the National trail (or other trails) for a longer hike. The trail also provides you glimpses to petroglyphs along the way. If you want to bring your bikes - there are trails accessible for mountain bikes, but also you can road bike up the mountain (a short ride from the main parking lot) to catch San Juan Rd (close to cars) and allows you a rolling hill ride to the San Juan Lookout ramada. There are plenty of trails for different abilities and you should check out the trail maps and descriptions so you can plan for your ability level. Take plenty of water with you always :) http://phoenix.gov/parks/trails/locations/south/hiking/
Since I was feeling fat and lazy, I wanted to challenge myself to a longer hike at a more challenging venue (based on the web reviews). At more than 16,000 acres, South Mountain Park/Preserve is one of the largest municipally operated parks in the country. You do see petroglyphs at some point, as well as Sagauro cactus. I parked and started from the Central Ave. main entrance at around 3pm. I had been visiting from out of town and NEVER been here, so heed my advice - if it's hot, and you start in the late afternoon - 1. know where you're going or bring a map 2. bring water and snacks 3. gauge your time, and don't start too late I'm too confident for my own good, I did NOT follow my own advice, except I did have a bottle of water with me. If I recall correctly, I started out on the Los Lomitas trail, and made my way to the Holbert Trail. Pay attention to the Los Lomitas trail from the parking lot it's got a lot of shortcuts and switchbacks that might be pretty confusing. Note that the Los Lomitas is fairly easy and gets you to a paved portion of the Holbert Trail, and a secondary Holbert trailhead that starts taking you up the mountain. It's considered moderate to challenging, so even though parts of the trail might level off at some points, note that you're consistently going UPHILL. You reach a saddle and follow along the upper part of a wash with a small box canyon at the end. The intersection with the short, steep trail up to Dobbins Lookout is near the top of the small canyon. The trail could be narrow in certain places, and if you keep looking out, or looking back, you get breathtaking views at some points. The climax, of course, is Dobbins Lookout, which is the most breathtaking view of Phoenix and downtown that I have ever seen. It's well worth the hike, and Dobbins Lookout consists of a sheltered vista point, a few benches, and a few rocks to perch yourself on - from which you can appreciate Phoenix. Note that I had never heard of Dobbins Lookout before this; I kept hiking because I wanted to know where the trail would end up. I do not recommend this mantra, and note that I do not follow my own good advice to others. The total hike, round trip, including Las Lomitas plus Holbert, seemed to be over 6 miles, so I barely made it within 3 hours - and before the sun went completely down. You might want to check the park trail map to double-confirm. In the heat and all, the hike seemed long and tiring and very singular on the way up, though much to my chagrin - once you get to Dobbins Lookout - you discover that a well-traveled road actually goes up there with heavy crowds, parking, and restrooms.
I was trying to find a good deal on getting my brakes done. It had been six months since my brake light had gone on...you know the one...not the one where you put your foot on the brakes and the lights outside go on, but the one that tells you your brakes are bad. Six months. I was in denial. Anyway, I took it to one place where I had to wait at least ten minutes just to get to the counter to ask for a ball park figure. They said anywhere from 400 to 1500 and I would need to give them plenty of time. While standing in line there, I spoke with another customer who told me to go to Advanced Auto on Warner. This person said she had been there before and they were reasonable and the service was of high quality. I went right over and the very, very nice guy (Jeff, I think) said he'd put it up on the rack right then and there, and tell me what, exactly it would cost. Once on the rack, he took me in, showed me what it should look like compared with another car on a rack that had decent brakes. He explained everything, but all I could think of was, "Okay, how much?" It turned out to be close to 800. (cringe, cringe, cringe) But it needed pretty much everything by now. Not everything, but a lot. He told me he could do it right then, and it would take 2 hours. He also did all that he could to bring the price down, looking for coupons etc. In less than 2 hours it was complete and I have peace of mind. The people at the shop were incredibly friendly, the place itself was great. Clean waiting area, etc etc. I would highly recommend Advanced Auto and I do believe you get what you pay for. Although it seemed pricey, I still think it was a great place. If anything changes, I'll edit this review. In the meantime, yep, I recommend it.
Wings Wings Wings....otherwise this place is pretty decent i have been here before and will definitely return
We have used this shoe repair shop for years and their work is fantastic. Everything looks new when we pick it up. Usually, chewed up shoes from Dogs or purses that need re conditioned.
It is always nice find great places like this close to my home, fast services, great attention and affordable prices! Thanks
I was lucky (and grateful) to have some native Arizonan's for friends when I lived in the Phoenix Metro area. It is through these people that I was introduced to Sakana. If you are like I was, you might be carrying an unfair bias toward seafood prepared so far away from the sea. Sakana is WONDERFUL and very reasonably priced! Get the Baked Scallops sushi. It is DELICIOUS! The Mango Saketini's are very very good. The age-dashi tofu is yummy. This location of Sakana is especially good to party in. It really gets rollicking and is a little bit loud. If you are in the mood for a more elegant subdued experience, I suggest the other location of Sakana in Scottsdale. This place is a party and you might have to yell to your date.
Hands down the best sushi in the valley. Don't let the modest decor fool you. You always get the freshest fish, best rolls, and perfect portions. There are always great specials to try too. I could eat here everyday. This is just one of those places where they get it right. No gimmicks. If you want great sushi this place is for you.
FRESH !!!! SPAIN BLUE FIN FRIDAY & SATURDAY . BIG EYE TUNA MONDAY - FRIDAY all the fish is very fresh and the portions are bigger than any other sushi bars, the teppan is allways fun with big portions and low prices .
Really good lunch specials. For $10 you get a nice plate of a lot of different kinds of sushi and one roll plus green pepper poppers that are awesome. It also comes with salad and soup. It fills you up and tastes great. Convenient for me for lunch because it is near work. Sometimes you have to wait and once in awhile the staff isn't as attentive as they should be. I've waited for food and the check a few times but it's still good so I keep going back. Lunch time does get busy so if you don't work close and you are trying to make it in an hour you might be cutting it close. One of the better sushi places in town.
My friends were craving sushi and decided to drop by. Checked in on Yelp and got a free edamame dish. I ordered the white plum white, but they only had enough to fill a little passed halfway, so they sold it to me half price; it tasted good. Then I ordered Kirin beer (~$6 each). You can get the sake bomb for a cheaper price too if you get it w/ the beer. I didn't; my cousin did. For each beer bought, we could buy an appetizer dish from the options listed. We got the calamari, the dish w/ jalapeno and zucchini and batter I think I forgot the name, the spicy tuna roll, and shrimp tempura roll. All of these were good. Most of these were split among 3 people; we got full fast and walked out of there buzzed.
Great sushi. Good atmosphere. A little dark (in the evenings) for my tastes but I definitely recommend it.
Best salsa in AZ! And the chicken baja burrito is indescribable! I'm a native and Macayo's is top 5 in the state.
I love this place!!!! Amazing food and great service and atmosphere! I highly recommend!
Einstein's is Noah's Bagels in SF They're the same! Who knew!? Anyways, I like the manager of this location. He's always so friendly and seems genuinely happy to be there and talkin' with his customers. I am obsessed with the jalapeno salsa cream cheese. I literally buy 3 tubs of it everytime I go there. My favorite items include Santa Fe bagel sandwich (jalapeno salsa cream cheese, turkey sausage, eggs, pepperjack cheese and salsa! YUM) Pepperoni pizza bagel AND. They have Mr Pibb on tap. I love Mr. Pibb. Don't know why, I just do.
I never thought I would review an Ulta. I mean they're all pretty similar from location-to-location. However, this location deserves a review. I had used my 20% off of everything coupon awhile back and stocked up on my foundation. I got home and realized that the foundation I had picked up was not the one that I had wanted. Which is fine, I can return the foundation, but I would have to return it for a DIFFERENT kind and they probably wouldn't honor my 20% off still. So, I returned to the store and the make-up artist told me that my foundation had been discontinued and that's why I had picked up the wrong one. The make-up artist was extremely helpful and found me a foundation that would be similar to the one that had been discontinued and color matched my skin tone prefectly. So, I proceeded to the check out to exchange my foundation. Without even asking, the cashier gave me the 20% off of the NEW foundation!
I love this place! The food is so good and I don't know if you can call their food healthy, but it seems healthier than other restaurants. Except the fact that you can stuff your face as much as you want to! My only complaint is the price, but I guess you can say that you have to charge that much for a buffet. I love the fact that they change their menu every month. Their soups are so delicious; I particularly love their onion soup. Also their pastas are very good, as well as the baked goods like the lemon or blueberry muffins.
I had a great experience buying an engagement ring here. The staff was very helpful and not pushy, rude or overwhelming. They had a large selection of rings and diamonds that were all top quality. The setting adjustment was done promptly and quickly available for pick up. All and all, I would recommend this Jewelery store to everyone.
I first learned of Ganem Jewelers in the mid eighties and was amazed at the quality of personal service and professionalism. While they do get busy at certain hours, the staff is always friendly and courteous. They actually take the time to deal with petty issues that most jewelry stores will not deal with and they do it with a smile. It is the only jewelry store that I do business with because of a long history of trustworthy service.
awsome non-dairy smoothies!!!
As I sit in their wonderful massage chairs at this very moment I'm thinking to myself "how could I not have found this place sooner?!?!" especially when I used to live right next door! Very clean establishment and all the people are very friendly. I got very lucky to have the same guy do both my full set and pedicure, also didn't hurt that he was cute, flirty and sang every song that came on the radio the entire time he worked on me... Andy, I believe is his name, at least that's the name on the station that I got my set done on. He was very attentive and very observant, I had originally asked for the coconut milk scrub and he persuaded me to go with the sugar scrub because it would hurt less because he noticed that I had shaved my legs recently. Amazing! This place is absolutely wonderful! I shall be tipping very well and returning very often!
By far, one of the best bakeries in AZ. We used to order these cakes for B Day celebrations at the last place I worked. My fav was the lemon poppyseed with buttercream frosting. I am not even much of a fan of lemon cake but this one is delicious. Also great are the carrot cake and the chocolate chocolate chip. Not only are the cakes delicious, they are visually beautiful as well. The cakes cost a bit more than if you went to a grocery store bakery, but its worth it!
The best personalised service that I have received in town! At the beginning I was a little apprehensive about visiting a salon and a spa hidden behind a store but Beauty Brands proved that that is possible and in a very good way. On the whole the salon-spa was spotless (I look out for these things in a salon, dirty hair lying around and stains turn me off). The spa had those enormous basin-attached pedicure chairs and there was oriental music playing in the background that contributed to the soothing atmosphere in the room. Nooshi, the senior stylist was not chatty but her work spoke volumes about her calibre. She gave me the best hairstyle that I have ever had and a complimentary paraffin treatment with my manicure. She also offered to give me a discount on my next visit. On my way out and picked up the paraphernalia that I use to maintain my nails and I was one happy girl!
This place is awesome...the staff is great and the good is even better!!! If you want authentic, chronic mexican food this is the place :)
LOVE LOVE LOVE Make sure you get the carne asada tacos with the corn tortillas and red sauce. They are just about the best damn tacos I've ever had anywhere. They are pretty small, even for street taco style, but I don't give a crap. I could pound 9 of those things in one sitting no problem and not have any issues. I also had a carnitas taco, which was good too but the carne asada is hands down the way to go. I also had a carne asada burrito, which was okay, but the flour tortilla was kinda bootsy. Stick with the tacos! Also, the staff here is SUPER friendly and the food comes out in a timely manner. Here's the kicker... I'm from California and was just in town for biz. I know Mexican food obviously so this stands up to any of the joints around here as well. I ACTUALLY ORDERED 6 TACOS TO GO AND TOOK THEM HOME WITH ME ON THE FLIGHT BACK TO CA. That's right, the tacos are that good. My girlfriend tried them, even a few hours old, and said they were delicious. Of course, getting them right off the grill with the tortillas with a light crisp is the best way to go!
The BEST veggie burrito ever. One of the freshest most delicious burritos ever. Something I look forward to eating, every time!!
Doesn't need any help. This place is amazing. A great authentic Mexican joint like only Arizona does them (being in Cleveland I notice this more and more every day). I love the beef enchiladas and quesadillas. It was featured on Diners' Drive-in's, and Dive's and has become a very busy spot that you MUST TRY!!!!!!!
A co-worker brought me back a shrimp cevice tostada for lunch today. Once again it was DELICIOUS!!
Wow! Is really all we can say. My wife and I came down from Portland Oregon for a weekend of food & fun. First stop was here. We LOVED IT! Great service and food. Best carnitas tacos we've ever had! Don't miss this place if you are in Phoenix.
Best Mexican place ever. Only knock is the wait can be awhile so order in advance! I usually get a few tacos and a pork burrito. Their hot sauce is crazy hot but so worth it and tasty.
This was a delicious simple Mexican short order shop. I had the az burrito and was surprised at the number of ingredients it had. My son had the quesadilla. Horchata had a unique flavor to it the was interesting. Meal came to $16. Plus Guy ate here!
They have flower tacos!!!!! I tried just about all of the meats and I would suggest trying one of each as well they are all good. Little disappointed there was no salsa bar.
Best gyro outside of Chicago, hot dogs and beef rock too!
Great service Great flavor. Fair price.
I don't know why I've never yelp'd these guys but here it is... My whole family has come to Dr. Mow's practice since it's inception and everyone has always been treated well and the work has been exemplary. From the Doctor to the Hygienists to the front office we have never been disappointed, even during wisdom teeth extractions, and will be patients for as long as they are doing business. Note: my insurance didn't cover them for a couple of years about 6 or 8 years ago so we tried several others and finally, after trying S.W. Dental group we just quit going to the dentist until I decided to get some real dental insurance and back to Dr Mow's we went....
I feel like family at this place! I have been going to this salon since it opened. I love the staff and find they are all exceptionally talented. Although I typically see Ramon, when my schedule has changed unexpectedly, I've been seen both Wendy and Christina. I always feel welcome and look forward my appointments. My color always looks great. I trust them to help me look my best and to tell me the truth when I am considering a choice that will make me look like a goofball. In addtion, the salon is very community oriented. They assist local non-profits with donations, provision of services and volunteer time. The owner often helps his clients who are undergoing chemotherapy on days the salon is closed to ensure privacy. I have been recommending this salon to friends and family for years and can't imagine going anywhere else. Rock on Ramon, Wendy & Christina!
So I'm getting married in less than 2 weeks and decided several days ago that I didn't like my dress and it didn't fit quite right. Even though I signed the big "ALL SALES ARE FINAL" line on my receipt, I decided to call and see what could be done - be it alterations or a new dress. I walked in with my dress and was told I could walk around and pick out some other ones to try on. I did. Being picky, I was not finding anything I was looking for. Two other women (managers?) joined my consultant and racked their brains for the perfect dress for me. After several misses, they found me "the one"!! Form fitting, mermaid style, a size 4, in stock and never been worn....what more could a girl want?!?!?! Oh wait, a girl could want it to be less expensive than the one that was being returned! Guess what? It was $150 LESS! Could the stars be more aligned right now? David's Bridal doesn't give cash back, so I had a $150 credit to spend in store. I picked up some things I needed, some things I didn't, and I was on my way. Painlessly. Holla.
I was looking for a place to get my 20 person fire crew a room for the night. we were headed to Southern AZ for the Horseshoe 2 fire. The price and location was right, so we stayed here. Called an hour ahead and booked 10 rooms! Thought that my short notice and extra work load would PO the staff, (as I tend to do with the nature of the work), but they remained very friendly and helpful through out it all. The rooms were Great. Clean linens and the Beds were super comfy, but anything beats the rocks we're used to sleeping on in fire camp.
I take all of my cats here. I've never had a problem with the staff. Everyone has always been really friendly and helpful and they make your pet feel safe and at ease. Anytime my husband and I take our cat Oliver in there he is in such a panic, but after a few minutes he is cuddling up to the vet techs and the vet.
My background: I have 3 dogs and 3 cats and they all get the BEST care possible, at any cost. I've taken them to many other vets in the area hoping for good care. Three months ago, I need an appt for one of my dogs and couldn't get into my other vet for over a week. Then I found this place. Dr. Jenkins is wonderful. The staff (ladies at the desk and the vet techs) are all pleasant, kind and patient. I don't feel like a number like at other vet clinics. If you're frustrated with the other vets in Ahwatukee or around the valley, go to this one! I'm sure all the vets are good, but I only know Dr. Jenkins and he is awesome.
My left rear tire was low, so after meeting a friend for lunch (at Sakana, which gets my next review of "YUM!"), I went to the gas station to use their air. I've had bad luck with these things, so I was trepedatious. Aaaaaand, for good reason - it did let more air out of my tire. Luckily, there was a Greulich's Auto Repair next door, so I rolled over and asked if they could put air in my tires. They said, "Sure!" As the mechanic was filling my left rear tire, he found a nail. No wonder that tire was low! He repaired it on the spot and off I went. Very helpful, and nice! I live considerably north-er and would go back down to this Greulich's.
This is where I always go for my eye appointment. I think one of the biggest plus is how awesome they are with kids. My son is 2 and 1/2 and they did a great job with him.
I grew up with Dr. Woodland as my dentist. He has always done a great job. I love his hygienists, especially Shelley. She is super sweet and always does a great job. I never had to wait long to be seen and the rooms are really nice and clean, with a TV. Sadly, I've needed my share of fillings :-( but luckily Dr. Woodland does a great job. He did such a good job matching the fillings to my teeth (is that the right word?) You can't tell I went through a less then perfect brushing/flossing stage (Don't worry I have since rectified my ways and am now staying cavity free) My smile is still beautiful. I was never afraid of going to the dentist because I knew he would do a great job (and I was right) Now I live in N. CA and have to find a new dentist :-( I am worried I wont be able to find another Dental office as good as this place. It seems like a lot of dental offices are corporations or not keeping up with technology. hopefully I'll find a small dental office that keeps with the times here.. or maybe just commute to Az j/k
I would like to thank dr. woodland and staff for treatment and great care you get there always a smile and knowing they all care, and treat you like your special no matter who you are. can't say enough about the proessional help about dr. and staff thanks for always being there no matter time or day for em. treatment or sch. visits. god bless hard to find this kind of people elswhere who care.
I can't think of a better dentist in AZ. Dr. Woodland's office reminds me of the traditional dentist offices I'm used to back east where I grew up, not the dentist offices you find in strip malls that seem to be all about overcharging patients. The hygienists are wonderful. They have been doing their jobs for years. I've have referred a couple friends to Dr. Woodland and I started going here since 2000 when a friend referred me. You can't go wrong with Dr. Woodland and his staff!
Dr. Quenton Morley is the best in the business. I live in chandler - and drive into Ahwatukee just to get adjusted by him. The staff at Ahwatukee Life Center is top notch. They always great you with a smile, and make you feel glad to be there. I have been going there for over 20 years now. Because they are the best.
A local favorite for years that has slowly been straying away from classic dishes to make room for some more adventurous tastes. Everything is good but try their bruschettas, my favorite being the PBJ bruschetta. Very interesting!
When I say I enjoy Boston Market people are like what... This is a one of a kind Boston Market the staff is always so friendly and will help you pick the best meal and joke around. I always order the Quarter White Rotisserie Chicken with a side of Corn, Loaded Mashed Potatoes and Squash Casserole. The staff is so helpful they bring the food to what table you pick and are always around to fill your drink or get anything you need. The meal is always great and I can't get enough Squash Casserole so good... I will be back soon for sure.
Great lunch. I went here with a friend from work because of a BOGO coupon he had. The lunch was fantastic. I had a rice bowl with raw fish on top with mixed seeweed and mushrooms mixed in. The flavor was just right with enough savory sauce and sticky sweet rice. The fish on top was perfectly cut into cubes and plenty of it. I liked it a lot.
I love this salon. It's a assembly line but in such a good way. What that means is you can almost always walk in and get in without an appointment. They are always so friendly and welcoming and happy to see you. They greet you at the door and ask what you need immediately. I get high end pink and whites and Terry does a great job. Now there is a new guy who did the job last week and did a fabulous job. The manicures are terrific and the girls so talented that I always add a flower or something special now. I really like these folks. I like their customer service, their attitude and their expertise. The place is always jammed so don't believe any of the bad reviews here. Try it yourself.
Steaks were really good, theres so much stuff too look at, and the views at night are spectacular!
I really loved this place. As a country girl at heart, I loved the band and that I was able to dance with my honey. It was also cute to see the families out dancing too. The food was good. I had the prime rib which was good. The horse radish was super hot! My husbands ribeye was delish but my daughter swears that the beef ribs were the best she has ever had. There is a beautiful view and I can see why this place is so popular. I am already looking forward to our next visit.
Been a customer of Sam Winter for over twenty years, had a few claims with cars and my house. Sam is always very professional and I truley enjoy working with the ladies in the front office. He handles my cars, home and life insurance. You couldn't pick a better agent for your insurance.
I had a dog that was excellent in agility, but wanted to go after other dogs at the fence and on the field. Also, I was a difficult client because my time to take classes got less and less. However, my dog is now doing great. He can go into the agility ring and ignore the other dogs. I mean he is really focused on me. He is doing some companion dog work and did his long sit and down with other dogs several feet away and behaved like a gentleman. All this started with my Sit Means Sit class. Toni was great with Sam and I think it was well worth the time and money. Can't wait to get back (Snowbird) and take the advanced class.
We had two children attend Montessori Educare Academy from the ages of two to five/six. It was the most amazing experience that we could ever imagine. My daughter is a 3rd grader now and she still says that she learned more at Montessori Educare than she does in grade school and wishes she could still go there. The teachers and staff are very nurturing and educated! Sending our kids to MEA was the best thing in the world for them and us too! We highly recommend this amazing school.
I this Walgreens a lot! They are great with print orders and have bent over backwards to help with prescription issues (they even called CVS one time for a medication they were out of!). I highly recommend them!
5 star service, 4.5 star food, overall a super enjoyable experience. We'll definitely be going back! My boyfriend and I went to Star of India for dinner. I got the chicken tikka masala, while he got the channa masala. My chicken tikka masala was absolutely perfect, all buttery, with tender chicken and a spiciness that was tasty and not overwhelming. His channa masala was really good -- he asked for medium spiciness and it was considerably spicier than my mild. We ordered a parantha and a naan to go with our entrees. When the very nice owner asked us how our meal was, my boyfriend offhandedly said the parantha was a little different from what he was used to, that it's not as fluffy and tender as parantha from other cultures. The owner immediately set out to find us a bread we would like, giving us a free order of roti, and free order of rice to pack with my to-go box for my chicken tikka masala. The owner was gracious and eager to please, and really fun to chat with. That made all the difference, and with the great food, we'll definitely be going back! p.s. get the gulab jamun -- it's delicious!
Star of India was first recommended to me five years ago but I was a bit hesistant because I had never tried Indian cuisine before and feeling a little adventurous one night we decided to give it a try we were amazed and instantly fell in love with this restaurant from the delicious food to the very kind owners who make sure that each experience there is as good as our first if not better. We have been to other Indian restaurants in the valley and in California but this place by far has won our hearts and taste buds. We have taken many people here to try Indian food for their first time and each time they too fall in love with this restaurant. We love things extra hot and we are never disappointed with the spicy saag or tikka masala, my daughter loves things on the mild side and they always accommodate to her tastes as well. Don't forget to try the naan or the deserts too...Enjoy.
My puppy chewed my glass frames and the staff were able to fix them for me in minutes. It was a welcome surprise. I highly recommend.
This has been my dentist now for the last 12 years or so and I have even referred some friends and they liked it too. It's easy to beta appointment, I've had together couple of fillings and I'm a complete wimp for dental stuff and they were always patient and sweet. I won't let anyone but Dr Mattern work on my teeth.
Probably the best sandwich shop in the area. My favorite is the "SlawBeJo", with homemande roast beef, provolone cheese, cole slaw, russian dressing and mayo....and I don't even like cole slaw!...but it's so good with the roast beef! Their sandwiches are unique in that none of the meats are your typical sliced meat..they are more like a "pulled" meat...so good! Clean place, friendly staff. Expect a small wait, even if the place is empty...but it is soooo worth it!
Went back to Phoenix to visit family and was intent on getting a pastrami sandwich from one of the other deli's but never found the time to go. On the way back home my daughter suggested Capriotti's and I figured it was worth trying it out. When I got there I was dead set on the pastrami, called the "Capastrami", but notice a picture of the "The Bobbie" which is real pulled turkey, stuffing, cranberry, and mayo. I couldn't make up my mind so i ordered both. They were nice enough to give me half of each to eat there, and wrapped the other halves up to take with me, making the 5 hour drive back to SD so much more tolerable. They were both awesome, but I now crave the Bobbie and am making my daughter bring me one out when she comes to visit. :)
I love this place. The sandwiches are unique and fresh and always made right in front of you. The service has always been good and the prices are reasonable (same as any other sandwich shop). I have tried many of their sandwiches and enjoyed them, my favorite is the cheesesteak, but beware- the peppers are spicy!
I have been a resident at Andante for over a year now and just signed another year lease. The property is well kept and gated. There is a dog run for pet owners. The office staff is great to work with, especially Jeremy and Arnold. The maintenance staff completes their requests in a timely fashion. The pest control service is very beneficial and an included service. There are multiple pools and a lovely patio area by the main pool. This complex is also right next to the I-10 and very convenient to shopping. The rental rates are very reasonable for the apartment quality. I highly recommend this complex to anyone interested in a clean, convenient and professional establishment to live in.
I am a patient of Dr. Bazilus', and he is the absolute best! Dr. B is always very honest and makes me feel so comfortable when I come for my appointments. I've had a few cavities filled and also did the Venus whitening last year. The front office staff is so friendly and Megan always greets me with a smile and makes me laugh! I feel so welcome there and never am afraid to go to the dentist anymore.
Mamma Mia! Arrivederci just keeps on getting better. I have always loved the food and wine, and have gone back many times for a pleasant evening. But now, Max and Joseph have added the crowning touch; the brand new large bar and lounge makes this place feel like home. There is a giant screen on the far wall where we all can watch a movie or sporting event. There are couches and easy chairs as well as the traditional bar stools and high tops. On Fridays and Saturdays they have added live music. Happy hour prices til 7pm, super friendly staff and owners, great food and a terrific selection of reasonably priced wines makes this my favorite Italian trattoria.
The doctors here really value the welfare of our pet. After our dog had to have surgery they watched over him an extra day just to make sure no complications arose. Best of all we had questions about a rash that developed after his surgery and they had us in that same afternoon for another free wellness checkup and he needed some topical cream to cool the rash.
We tried this place do to my looking up a place to eat while we were in the area, having our staycation at the Arizona Grand Resort Hong Kong has to be the best Chinese Buffet I've ever been and I have eaten plenty. Everything was delicious. We went for dinner so it was 15 and change for adults and our kids were 10 basically. The sushi bar was awesome. Instead of having a chef put out 5 or so different kinds of typical sushi. There is a chef making sushi to order. the menu to order off of is pretty extensive. My kids and had quite a few crab legs. The crab legs were also not your typical buffet grade. They were cooked perfectly and the meat was easy to remove and there was a lot of it. we didn't try the Mongolian BBq but, we be back.
Del Taco is way better than Taco Bell and the prices are way cheaper! The fried shrimp taco is unhealthy fried food heaven. The service is always fast and the employees are funny! Did I mention the prices are way cheap?
Wow I am truly impressed by not only Dr. Itos knowledge, but also that of the dental assistants as well; I've never heard anything good about a root canal but I guess I'll be the first to say it wasn't bad. The superb service and hospitality completely supersedes the procedure itself.
Very professional and won't recommend a bunch of treatments/procedures you don't need. Appoint scheduling is easy and flexible. There is a reason I tried going elsewhere and came back! I now drive all the way over from Gilbert, but worth the drive.
This place is so awesome that we have eaten here three times in the three days we've been here. Even ordering the large pizza to take to the track. The service is impeccable and made us feel so much at home even though we were visiting from out of state. They accommodated our party of 8 and comped us garlic cheese rolls as a thank you for waiting for them to set up the tables. Great family-owned joint and they even treated us like old friends, greeting us warmly and giving us their recipe for their delicious limoncello.
This is one of our favorite local restaurants. Pizza is great but don't miss the pasta dishes and lasagne. Love the Linguine with clams in the White Wine Sauce. My kids also love the big baked cookie dessert. Service is super friendly and I love to support this family owned business.
This restaurant is the entire package. Great food and even better service. I
I have never had any problems at this particular location. Have gone a few times a week for about 2 years and they were always polite, fast and got my order correct.
The staff here is great! The owner was in the store when i stopped by and was very accommodating.
Went in to Verizon this morning and you always have the dreaded wait! Not so bad at all... about 15 minutes...perfect in book! Enter ERIC ANGULO one of zee best Retail Business Associates I have worked with in ages. ERIC ANGULO went above and beyond service waiting patiently for personal information needed from my husband who was not with me (and politely services others as we waited), to explaining the device and other devices I was interested in purchasing. With I must add again great patience and politeness. And then just as we thought we done he went thru my phone with me to be sure things transferred and to my surprise all photos did not due to not having the Verizon Cloud. ERIC ANGULO to the rescue of my photos which are still being downloaded as I type. This was totally above and beyond service. And I had an issue when I returned home and texted ERIC ANGULO and bam he resolved my issue instantly. Who does that...yep ERIC ANGULO does. So bottom line to any and all customers looking for the most excellence in customer service should look no more and head on over to this Verizon location and ask for ERIC ANGULO...he is truly the description of a Retail Business Representative. Thank you ERIC ANGULO!
What passion do most guys have, regardless of age, ethnicity, or any other factor you can think of? ELECTRONICS! Me and my other two coworkers had some time to kill between days on our conference, so we drove across the street from our hotel to the local strip mall. We walked to the directory and saw Ultimate Electronics. Score! The only problem: it was hot has Hades outside and the store was about 200 yards away. Our passion of electronics did overcome the blistering heat, so we trekked across the sahara-like parking lot and entered the store. WOW. There were LCD and plasma tv's everywhere, practically littered on the ground. In the far room in the back, I estimated that there must have been at least half a million dollars worth of T.V.s there. Crazy. There is also a car audio / visual area as well with a display truck totally customized with crazy sounds and screens on it. I had to explain "hater-vision" to my coworker (screens on the back of the rear headrest so only people driving behind you can see it) Even though we told them we were just killing time, they still offered us water to drink! Amazing customer service. I realize it's not royal treatment, but a glass of cold water in that heat is almost worth its weight in gold. If I lived in Phoenix, I would definetely come here to get a T.V. I saw a lot of good deals that I wished I could have carried home.
Went here last weekend and was very impressed. Love the smell of the store, very fall like and in with the current season! The employees are always nice which is nice! The fall items were on sale since Christmas is coming up soon which was great! Love the selection for the Christmas items. From the ornaments to the table wear and the decorations! Store is pretty big itself you can definitely spend a lot of time in there looking at everything!
This place is the best. Being italian from NY, it is hard to find good Italian food. I am very pick! The fried calamari is not rubbery! Their bread is awesome! If you don't like Olive Garden, try this place!!!
Great atmosphere and wonderful server. Mike went beyond any expectation to meet our dietary needs. Awesome job.
Clean and friendly service. The manager always says hello and how are you even if you don't make eye contact. Easy in, easy out! Several cashiers to make it a fast experience.
Great job! Okay not on the first time I stopped and had my Harley Truck worked upon, but this review is upon the awesome customer service and the making things right the second visit to your shop. I commend you on being truthful and forward about how it was a botched repair the first time. And that you were willing to correct the problem. I even followed up a couple weeks later with sandwiches/dinner for your staff as a thank you. Hope you enjoyed them, they were my favorite(s) from VTsandCo! I now recommend your service and we'll bring all our vehicles to your garage from now on, you won me over. Again Great Job. 5 stars
I have been going here for over 10 yrs, seen the place remodeled 3-4 times, and 3 karaoke hosts.....I love the neighborhood feel of the bar the friendly and surly staff, the atmosphere is what it is a BAR and GRILL decent food decent prices and fun in the air, Sherry and Misty the bartenders i see most are awesome and have been there forever, they remeber and care greatly for their regulars and try to make new ones quick, but the Crown Jewel of this place is Wed-Sat nights, KARAOKE BY BRAD, He has been here for past 3 years and continues to have the newest music available for the group of singers, No favoritism here he has alot of regulars but no one gets preference in line up, and you always know whos up next by the TV screens that show the next 4-6 in the line up, his sound sytem and professionalism is superior my wife is a Karaoke Junkie and loves this place "The Shellie Show"... Also Happy Hour here is great too LOW prices on Domestics 11-7 daily yes 11-7 .... Stop by I did still going since 2001
We use MDI all the time for soils, granite and boulders here at Desert Gardens Nursery. Their black cherry and cinnamon brown (that only they carry) is my favortie. I can call anytime and get a delivery usually with in a day, sometime the same day!
We have been here several times and each time has been excellent. Our first time was in Hawaii and we were happy to see one in phoenix. Me and my Fiancee had a four course Valentine's day dinner here. Dinner was great. Food was timed right and our server was on top of it. Our server sent us a personal handwritten post card thanking us. Dinner came to be a little over $200 with drinks, so yes its pricey, but my fiancee and I loved it so it was worth it.
Had my Birthday dinner here while staying at the Marriott and the service and food were exceptional. you have to get the lobster potstickers and sushi for appetizers and the butterfish and short ribs for main dish! so yum!!
This is a wonderful independent establishment in a sea of corporate-bland food! The food is very fresh and quite reasonably priced. I almost always order the pho, but the steak salad is just as good on a hot day. Like all great soup bowls you are encouraged to add as much spice, basil and lime as you like. Don't let the small size throw you off, this place is GREAT!
Deliciousfoodandspecialperkownerblendsexoticteasfortraditionalmedicinalpurposes.
Where to begin. The beef sandwhich is just awesome and tasty. The beef is juicy and the sauce is good. The bread is crispy on the outside yet soft on the inside, combined with the fresh greens on the sandwhich, it's my favorite thing on the menu. The chicken pho is right up there with the sandwhich. The broth is just delicious as is the noodles and chicken. You also have the choice to spice it up with a side plate of other ingredients that accompanys the dish. The staff are very friendly and nice.
The best Vietnamese restaurant in Scottsdale. Great Spring Rolls, Bun Ga and Pho Ga.
Great theater to see 1st release movies. Cine' Capri is AWESOME! Get there early or go on Monday morning to avoid crowds. Other theaters are more than adequate for watching end enjoying any movie. Local area restaurants are varies casual to mildly dressy (it is Scottsdale after all). Senior discounts are offered too.
This is the theatre I frequent most often. Plenty of parking, lots of places to eat for before or after the movie, lots of movie choices, friendly staff.
My husband and I love going to the movies! Doesn't really even matter which movie :) We frequent this Theatre as it is so close to home. The staff is always polite, helpful, and witty - making it fun! Also, we invest in the souvenir cups and pop corn shirts each year to save a bundle.
I have had my car serviced here for the past 3 years, absolutely outstanding service. I highly recommend Audi North Scottsdale over Audi Chandler due to previous bad experiences at Audi Chandler and very consistent satisfactory experiences here. For sales, talk to Brian McCauley - he's also the president of the Audi Club of North America Arizona Chapter and a fellow Audi enthusiasts who knows more about Audi then possibly anyone else in the state. He's also very low pressure, friendly, and awesome to work with. For service, I work with Al Rizzo who has also been great to work with. My car has a few modifications done to it and they don't give me a hard time about it with my CPO warranty. I'd highly recommend Audi N Scottsdale to anyone needing either service or a new Audi, they're the best!!
I purchased a pre-owned Toyota FJC from Audi North online from Billy Jacobs and Jamie Ossa. Naturally one would be nervous about buying a car sight unseen. I was assured that I would not be disappointed and if I was, I would be refunded. The wife and I flew from St Louis, Mo to drive it back through the mountains. We we're picked up at the airport by Audi North limo service. Upon arrival at Audi North we were greeted and treated royally. The vehicle was ready and waiting at the front door. Upon inspection and a test drive I was totally impressed as the vehicle was everything advertised and more! All the paperwork was ready for signature and drive away. Jamie did the closing and could not have been more professional. (The closing was easier than ordering a latte from Starbucks!) I am completely satisfied with my deal from Audi North Scottsdale. They had the vehicle I was searching for and the price was right. What else can I say, this experience was 5 star! Thank you Billy and Jamie. Larry S
We just bought our first Audi. It was a refreshing experience. The process was professional from beginning to end. Most impressive was what happened after we had struck a deal to buy the car. One of our salespeople sat with us for almost an hour going over every knob, button, option, etc.to make sure we knew how to operate everything from the start. If you haven't checked out an Audi, you ought to take a look. If the car suits you, this dealership would be a fine choice. Tip: the Costco program gets you an Auto at dealer invoice, much better than average pricing.
Audi North Scottsdale is the place to go for Audi service! I don't live in the Phoenix area, but I have relatives who live in town and unfortunately my vehicle has required service on two separate occasions while I was visiting my relatives. My most recent interaction with the Audi North Scottsdale service department transpired while I was in town over the holiday season. I called to inquire about a service appointment and the service department went out of their way to schedule me in the same day. I received a call the next day from Service Advisor Dan Darling who advised me the technicians had addressed my concerns, evaluated my vehicle, and determined my tires needed to be replaced. Dan Darling concluded by telling me my vehicle was ready for pickup and there would be no charge for the service appointment. In conclusion, Audi North Scottsdale and its employees are top notch and they run the most professional automotive dealership and service department I have ever had the pleasure of doing business with!
Bought a car from here while living in California. Their price was better than anything closer, and they were willing to go through a lot of extra trouble to take pictures and allow me to send a 3rd party inspector. They also set up shipping it to me, as well as securing of CA tags for me. They even refunded $56 to me because the tags were cheaper than they estimated. The whole deal went really well, my wife and I are very happy with the purchase, and I'd recommend them to anyone.
After submitting my concerns via Yelp, I was contacted by Alane B. She got me in touch with Bobby Perich (General Manager) who offered to assist in the second party shipping issues. I was able to purchase the manuals through a local dealership and have them fix the underhood damage. I submitted my costs to the shipper and am waiting a response. In the mean time, Bobby offered to reimburse my costs should the shipper not respond. Knowing full well that this truly is a second party (shipper) issue, I fully appreciate the response and attention from the general manager in resolving this problem. Very much in tune with the service I would expect from a high quality dealership.
I recently purchased my new 2013 Hyundai Elantra from this dealer. Rob Rossi made the process quick and painless, chatting with me online about the car and helping me apply for loan approval online before even visiting the dealership. I was able to show up with all the paperwork (no hassling with running back and forth between the dealership and home) I needed to walk out the door with my new car. I was initially a little nervous going to a luxury dealership that sells such expensive high end cars but was quickly put at ease by everyone's friendly non jugemental attitudes, even though I showed up an hour before the lot closed. The thing I was most impressed by was the honesty I got from Rob about everything from the value of my trade in to making sure he explained that my tags were only good for six months (I'm new to the state). I got a great car and a great price and will certainly be returning to do business with Rob and all the other staff at North Scottsdale Land Rover!
Have been a patient for several years. The staff has been a great to work with. They have helped me with my Rosacea.
I agree with Gabi. Paradise Juice is a great family owned and operated business. I also had the works and it was exactly what I was craving. THe kids size is perfect.... it's filling, refreshing and delicious! The place was hopping too! It was nice to see that business is doing well and the service is good. Highly recommend.
with a menu full of tempting and delicious smoothies, paradise juice delivered us daily during one extremely hot week in phx. the people who work here are super friendly. we totally made friends on day 1 and built a solid relationship by day 3; i'm pretty sure that we could walk in years later and receive the same jovial reception. our relationship mainly consisted of them making super accurate recommendations for their amazingly tasty and satiating treats and us oohing and ahhing as we sipped heaven from jumbo straws. this is definitely the place to come for your smoothie fix and veggie juice cravings. i promise you will leave happier than when you came in. i sure did.
I have been visiting Paradise Juice for a long time. Every smoothie always comes out fantastic, and I have not found one on the menu that isn't great. The staff is as good as it gets!!!
I was looking for a repair shop close to my house and found Mike P's review and thought it was worth a shot. I have had my '96 Chevy truck there twice for two different situations and now my Subaru STI. They handled both repairs quickly and got me the best price they could with no pressure to repair additional items. Their shop is nothing fancy but they know their business. Great people to work with. Highly recommended.
OMG! THE BEST Health Food store in Phoenix, without a doubt. Came down with the worst cough I have ever had, went in and bought the 2 items recommended by the doctor who owns the store, and my cough went away. The doctor is VERY helpful and has restored my health several times. I HIGHLY recommend this place and is the only place I go to get my health food vitamins and minerals.
Love it. Avoid the big chain stores. Healthy Habit Health Foods is a Phoenix institution! Great to see the always affable Dr. Dan in-store!
I recently went to this Pediatrix location and was very impressed. When I called the appointment line, I only waited about 2 minutes, and was given a next-day appt. We were seen ON TIME (shocker!) and saw Dr. Mitra. He was wonderful! Very courteous, very thorough, and took his time with us (that's rare!). I'm used to waiting several days for my kids to see a doctor, only to wait an hour+ in the waiting room, so this place is a step in the right direction! We will definitely be going back!
Always a fun place for breakfast. An outdoor table is a must. The staff is friendly and very accomoding.
I came here last year during baseball season to watch a game. We decided to stay overnight in Phoenix and found this hotel through a website. I don't remember exactly how much it was but I know it was less than a hundred bucks a night and I was really happy with this place for the price. They have an awesome gym, the rooms are nice, with wonderful views, have a nice sized pool and they have a nice restaurant and coffee shop conveniently located on the lobby floor. We took advantage of the valet parking and we're very pleased with their service. I love the fact that they're walking distance from the basketball arena and the baseball stadium. Not many options for eating establishments in downtown Phoenix but it was okay for the most part. It's a really nice hotel and for the price I would definitely stay here again anytime during the season.
Awesome pub, went there before the Dbacks game, good food and drink for good prices. Recommend this over most the bars around there.
i love this place i was first introduced to this small piece of heaven be by a friend and have been coming back ever since. i now have my husband hooked on their food especially their eggrolls. but my all time favorite dish here is the chicken cantonese noodles... soooo goood
I went to my florist last nite with a girlifriend and it was great. Our drinks were delish...we had the My florist martini same as a French Martini. Chris the bartender was consistant and pleasant to look at :) Our food was really good as well.. but the ambiance is outstanding.
I love this place. Get there early because it can fill up by 1145am for lunch. I don't understand the reviews that seem to view that as a negative towards the restaurant. When I worked downtown we used to go there once a month or so. Now that I don't work there, I still make a pilgrimage a couple of times a year for the food. Service is always pleasant. Yes, it's busy, but the staff always seems to handle it well. Love their Gyros and Gyro Salads. The french fries are also great. Love, love LOVE Crazy Jim's!!!
Very clean and comfortable rooms with mini-fridge, microwave, and iron Fast free wi-fi Good location in downtown Phoenix Friendly staff Extremely inexpensive. I was shocked at how nice everything was compared to the cost.
This is one of my favorite places in the valley - there's always something new here, and it's big enough that I don't often get to walk the entire thing in one visit. If you visit often, I recommend a membership. $75 gets you in for free, but the $200 level gets you invited to all 4 private exhibition event evenings. The $100 level gets you invited to two. They host frequent lectures and all kinds of interesting events. You can always find something going on, on their calendar. Some of the permanent collection I am very fond of... Seeing the same exhibitions a bunch of times is kind of like visiting an old friend. There is always something new to appreciate. The rotating and visiting exhibits are always well presented, as well. Arcadia Farms is a fantastic place to eat, the healthy slow food really fits. I mean, what do they serve at the Met in NY? They have a shitty cafeteria. We have Arcadia Farm bitches! OK so the Met has a huge Egyptian temple and Dutch masters paintings, but we have this weird reflective black plastic concave/convex thing and a dark room full of hanging LED's and mirrors. There is more culture in Phoenix than the out of date yogurt in your fridge!
Very impressed, first time there and they had some extraordinary Art especially the Dancing Swarm of Fireflies by Yayoi Kusama ... that was worth the price of entry alone. Nice to have Arcadia Farms there too.
This museum participates in the Bank of America Museums on Us program. On select weekends, Bank of America customers get free admission to the museum. I was delightfully surprised the last time I dropped by and admission ended up free for me and my boyfriend. Info at: http://museums.bankofamerica.com/ On a more relevant note, this museum is awesome. Really great contemporary art collection. This museum has a photograph by Vic Muniz, from his project he did in collaboration with workers at one of the world's largest landfills in Brazil. This project was the topic of Wasteland, an AMAZING documentary that was nominated for an Oscar. I thoroughly enjoyed seeing the photograph at the PAM after watching the documentary. Good times. PS: The cafe on site is not very good. They don't even have an espresso machine. If need be, I would recommend getting coffee beforehand or afterwards.
We visited the Phoenix Art Museum yesterday to see the wonderful photography show by William Clift. It represents nearly 40 years of passionate work and should not be missed. The images are there to be seen and enjoyed. There are no labels or descriptions, just you and the work. It is landscape photography, but so very much more. Don't miss it. My first trip to the Phoenix Art Museum, as we are new to Arizona. It was a great and pleasant surprise. The museum shows the long time direction of an excellent director. This regional museum is as good as it gets. Finally, the Palette restaurant was another special discovery. Forget everything you know about institutional food. This is local, organic when possible and delicious. My vote is for the Butternut Squash Bisque.
I've never been much of a gym rat, so take this review with a dose of salt (which, along with sugar, is the only thing that motivates me to work out in the first place). I love food and drink, so exercising has really become my golden ticket to my personal Wonka factory, where I can consume as I please but still stay relatively trim. And when I first started really working out a few years ago, I quickly realized that the only way for me to be successful was to accept one of my other personal flaws (outside of gluttony): impatience. I can barely go a few minutes at a desk without wanting to do something or talk to someone, so expecting myself to diligently pound a treadmill for an hour at a time is a sure guarantee of failure. That's why I started to do kickboxing at Lee's Martial Arts in Laveen (see my review). The diversity of exercises, the pumping music and motivation of an instructor made it easy to stay engaged for the full hour required to really burn calories and get in shape. Given that, when we moved to Central Phoenix a few months ago, I wanted to find a new workout home where classes were a priority--and I didn't have to pay a fortune to get that in addition to basic gym privileges. With that as my criteria, the Y has been more than satisfactory. The cost (only $70 per month for two adults) is really reasonable, the instructors are motivating and seem genuinely happy to be teaching, the free weight room has tons of good equipment for any extra toning I want to do, the locker rooms are clean and the staff is all friendly and helpful. Plus, I can continue to do kickboxing with Marco (great instructor) every Monday and Wednesday at 5:30. I also really like that the facility is housed in an old building. In a city of strip malls and new construction, God knows we could use a little character. Of course, the Y has downsides (bad parking as others have mentioned, awkward layout, less-than-high-end showering facilities and sub-par food choices), but it's well worth the money, and my waistline, wallet and attention span are all the better since joining.
Great place for families! Puppet making before (or after) the show and original, live theater for a great price. You can also see the puppet museum. They also have guest artists who come in from time to time, if you missed the amazing puppeteer from India who came in you missed an amazing show/experience. Some reviewers are concerned about the rules at the puppet theater, kids have to learn the rules to be good audience members so everyone can enjoy the show! Bring the whole family, have a good time, if the weather's nice you can hang out in the park across the street afterwards. Puppet fans - it doesn't get much better than this.
I was not sure I would enjoy an adult puppet show but I have to say the evening was a blast. The skits were laugh out loud funny. The building is an historic Morman Church. Very cool. You can enjoy an adult beverage, a glass of wine or beer as you watch the puppet show. Treat yourself to this venue.
Calabria is exactly what you are looking for if you are looking for an Italian deli like you would find on the East Coast. You can get sliced meats, sandwiches, salads, fresh pastas and various random grocery items. It's the kind of deli that makes you feel warm and cozy inside. You can eat inside, out back, or take it to go. They even offer breakfast now! No, its not a grocery store or a convenience store, it's a deli. And for me it's the best one in town. The Caprese sandwich is top notch, so are the Italian, Sicilian, and Panino. The Panino and Italian might be the best sandwiches in all of Phoenix (depending on how much meat you want that day...) I don't think you can find anything quite like theirs anywhere else. (Including that place up the road...) I like it because of the diverse menu with options. I like it for the wonderful mozzarella they have. I like it because they carry Snapple. I won't lie...I also like it because the owners are from Boston and we always chat about the Sox when I stop in. It's a great place to stop for lunch or if you don't feel like making dinner.
I find it almost impossible to believe that there's a better place in the valley to get costumes or costume accessories. I'm talking about selection / quantity / price / service / organization - it would take a miracle to beat these guys. It's a bit of a drive from Chandler, but I will be doing all my Halloween / costume shopping here from now on. Bravo!!
It was my first experience going to a salon close by to where we lived, since our move from North Phoenix. I went over to this salon trusting the raving reviews about them and I am so glad I did. Not only is Noah an excellent hair stylist, he is very personable and didn't pressure me at all on purchasing products. He shows that he truly cares about the happiness of his clients. I am in love with my hair! I felt very relaxed and comfortable at VOLR. I loved the ambiance of the salon and the other staff were also friendly! For the level of customer service I received, the price was well worth it. I am definitely going back!
I followed Jillian to this salon, because she is so amazing, and despite the drive from the West Valley, I love this salon. It has an energetic, kicky vibe and a friendly, convivial environment. As for Jillian, she has the rare ability of not only listening and knowing exactly what your hair needs and you want, but also has the talent to execute that vision. In her tactful, poised way, she gets there, wherever your "there" is. When I get compliments on my hair, i am happy to recommend Jillian; everyone I have referred to her has switched over, including my husband. And it's an added bonus to show off the new do at one of the trendy little restaurants in the Roosevelt afterward.
I have taken multiple items here to have repaired, and they haven't ever let me down. Don't read into the negative reviews, this place does the job correct.
First off, let me just say that this is my first yelp. Go easy on me. Visualize yourself shitfaced at the end of the night, stopping for a bucket of KFC because nothing could ever taste better than food when you're that drunk. You with me? LoLo's is that good, only sober, and in the morning. Show up there at 955am on a Sunday and you'll see a line of brothas in their sunday best waiting to get in to this place. And where that line of people goes, I will blindly follow. Because inside you'll find: mason jars (!) of red Kool-Aid, good ol' fashioned Southern sweet tea, or whatever soda you want. But then there's the plate of fried chicken. Top it off with red rooster sauce and life is damn good. Alternatives: mac and cheese The waffles are good but to be honest with you, I feel like they just get in the way of the best fried chicken I've ever eaten. (Sober or drunk) I mean, you wouldn't just go to the original pancake house and get only eggs and hash browns, would you? Only a goddamn fool would do that. No, you are the person that goes to Mastro's for the steak, Sapporo for the teppan yaki, and Red Lobster for the, well, red lobster. (you know what I mean...) And since you are that person, go to LoLo's. Get a jar of drink and eat so much chicken that you want to die. It's a good feeling.
I have been wanting to try Lo-Lo's for a while now and let me tell you this place did not disappoint. There are so many great reviews I don't have much to add. Here's what I loved: I saw Shaq walking out when I was coming in They serve Kool Aid and strong a$$ ice tea in mason jars The fried chicken must have crack in it - so juicy and delicious, you know it's bad for you but you keep coming back.. Just one more hit Fried okra rocks Waffles are slightly sweet and cinnamony and who woulda thought to throw some fried chicken on top! This is not the sort of joint to frequent if you care at all about your waistline, but when you want to indulge go to Lo-Lo's, get the fried chicken on a waffle and try not to go in to a coma before you leave.
I cannot begin to say how much I loved my first trip to Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles... there was so much on the menu I can't wait for my next visit. I totally recommend it. Love the ice tea!!! The Waffles melt in your mouth. And the Chicken was soooooooooooo good!
There are so many dimensions on which LoLo's deserves 5 stars. Let me count the ways in which I love you, LoLo: 1. Sweet tea, best this side of Mississippi. 'Nuff said. Serving in giant mason jars, now that's just gilding the lilly. 2. Top rate fried chicken. 3. Delicious, golden brown waffles with a touch of cinnamon and enough butter to qualify you for a free coronary stent if you bring your receipt from breakfast to any local hospital. 4. Real grits. Cheese optional (highly recommended). Also served with an obscene amount of butter. 5. Fried okra, red velvet cake, Kool Aid (also in ginormous mason jars), the list goes on This place oozes character, charm, incredible food, not to mention half melted butter that seems to find it's way onto anything and everything on your plate (and really what isn't made better with melted butter?). LoLo's also serves as an excellent litmus test to see if that new guy/gal you've been seeing are going to work out in the long run. Anyone who can plow through a number 1 is A-OK in my book.
I'm not sure what else can be said about Lo-Lo's, but I have to put in my small two cents anyway. Four words: GO FOR THE WAFFLES. Sure, the chicken is wonderful and juicy and you'll definitely leave feeling you need a bypass....but seriously, you could skip the chicken and go with a stack of waffles and you'll be just as satisfied. Next time, this is all I'm ordering. One heaping stack of waffle goodness.
I heard about this place from overhearing a conversation at a table behind me at another restaurant. The folks were raving about it. I had never heard of chicken and waffles before and the thought intrigued me. I went by myself to check it out before I told friends or brought anyone with me....pretty skeptical. I was blown away! The food was AMAZING, the service was phenomenal and all the staff was extremely warm and friendly. I honestly felt like I was a guest at a friends home for dinner. I have "invited myself" back several times since and has been phenomenal each time.
OMG- I cannot believe it's taken me this long to experience Lo-Lo's! Having lived in Phoenix for quite some time now, I find it very sad that I've just discovered the awesomeness that is Lo-Lo's, but now that I have I am happy to say I can go back whenever I want. I found the service to be very prompt and friendly. You could tell the people liked working here, and who wouldn't with access to some of the best waffles and chicken I've ever tasted. Now, I've been to Rosco's Chicken and Waffles in LA and I've got to confess, the chicken tastes similar at both. It is fried to perfection with just the right amount of seasonings. Where the two places differ, in my humble opinion, is the waffles. Lo-Lo's wins hands down in my opinion. The waffles are to DIE for! I don't know what it was, maybe the butteriness, maybe the syrup, or just the waffle batter, but man oh man was it good! We took home a piece for the red velvet cake and didn't get to it until 3 days later and it was pretty good... it probably would have been WAY better fresh that day, but we were TOO full to partake. Anyways, I can't wait to go back, but I've just got to lose the LBS I gained from the first meal- then I can return!
Oh, Lo-Lo's how I love thee... I catered Lo-Lo's chicken and waffles for a surprise Halloween lunch for my staff this week and it was a huge hit. I just told them I was catering lunch in, I didn't tell who was bringing the food. After the food was set up and ready to go I emailed the staff and told them the food was ready and that it was Lo-Lo's. You should have seen the steady stream of employees that started 'prairie dogging' over their cubicle walls and letting each other know what the big, surprise lunch announcement was! It was hilarious how fast they scooted their normally slow asses to the conference room to be the first in line for Lo-Lo's chicken and waffles!! Lo-Lo himself (Larry) came out and he made piping hot, fresh waffles to order as the employees all dined on the best fried chicken in all of Arizona, and some of the most delicious mac and cheese and read beans and rice I've ever tasted. Ohmidog, their food is so damn good... I was the office hero for the day and I couldn't have done with without Lo-Lo's. Thank you, Larry! You want to be the most popular person in your office? Cater Lo-Lo's for your staff for lunch. You will NOT be disappointed in the results. ;)
Excellent customer service, delicious food. I've been here more than any other restaurant in Phoenix since moving here a year and a half ago. They've recently expanded their building... now the interior looks nice, too. Parking used to be an issue, but now they have a lot with plenty of space. When I asked about the new interior my group and I actually received a mini tour of the place. They showed us the kitchen (we didn't go inside, of course) and other areas. That's going way over what's expected, if you ask me. I see a lot of good reviews on their dessert, however I always leave stuffed with a ton of leftovers on even the smallest meals and haven't had a chance to try any. PS: Get the "stupid fries".
This is a must try if you are ever in phx! There are two locations which one is in downtown phoenix and the other in Scottsdale. After a night of partying and some great home cooked meals or just the craving for something sweet yet salty this place will hit the spot. I love that they make their own kool-aid and also have a variety of flavors. The Mac N Cheese is to die for along with their cornbread. I have had everything from the breakfast sandwhich, catfish, chicken wings, chicken strips, breast, and waffles with none of them falling short from excellent.
I love this restaurant. Can't beat classic chicken and waffles. I must say though that I am a food lover of sorts. I am addicted to the endless combinations in all varieties of food. I can name hundreds of combos! But when it comes to it and (you know what I mean fellow food connoisseurs) and you are in need of some straight up southern cookin'. I'm tellin' you right now. Lo-Lo's Man! Lo-lo's...! that's all i have to say about that.
I was not disappointed at all! I had the Tre-Tre (2 drumsticks and a waffle) with a side of cheesy grits and cornbread. Everything was delicious! I will be coming back here from now on.
As a LA native I have had the famous Roscoes chicken & waffles, this is BETTER. I never thought I would ever say that. Every time I come here we come in a big group, they are really accommodating and quick with the food. The servers are really friendly and they have kool-aid on tap, if you're a fan. The chicken is delicious, perfectly seasoned, perfectly fried, and perfectly juicy! The waffle was not soggy and compliments the chicken well. The mac and cheese is so good. Be ready to be so full you can't breathe though! Big portions and super heavy. Its a must try if you are ever in Phoenix!
AMAZING!! Yes, 5 stars. Went last night with some friends after first friday. Didn't even know they stayed open until late on First Fridays. Food: 5 stars Atmosphere: 5 stars Staff: 5 stars Staying open until late with DJ thanks to first friday: Priceless Food. I ordered and always order Lolo's. 3 pieces of Crispy delicious chicken and 2 waffles. I can't get over how amazing their chicken comes out! The spices in their mix is unbelievably overwhelming. The waffles; Delish! Sweet tea; a little too sweet. but when the ice is watered down its perfect! Atmosphere is very "Southern Hospitality". The way it looks now can not be compared to what it used to look like. Complete day and night difference! I love Love LOVE it! Staff. Super Friendly! The girl who served us was very attentive to us (: Major plus! To the ppl that work here; I give you props! Keeping a smile on your face and taking very good care of your customers while keeping everyone happy is hard! There is one downside in all this. The wait. :( LoLo's, Thank you!
Food was awsome. The chicken and waffles were awsome. A little slow coming out but turned out to be wort it.
This was my first time trying chicken and waffles as a combo and must say that it was incredible! Service was extremely fast and friendly so I'll definitely be going back.
LOVE THIS PLACE!!! I came on a Friday afternoon and got a table right away since it wasn't very busy. The service was quick and everyone was super friendly. I got the Lil Amadi with fries, and lemonade. Chicken was crispy and the WAFFLE was amazingly tasty. The menu made me giggle. Contemplated on coming back on my way to the airport but didn't have time :(.
I have been to a few concerts at the Dodge and can honestly say I've enjoyed every one of them. The theatre location is great. The design of the theatre itself is superb...as in not a bad seat in the place. Sound system is excellent. Parking across the street in the City of Phoenix building is handy. (Park, a few flights of stairs, cross street....and you're there.) (Show over....leave theatre, cross street, few flights of stairs, and you're on your way home.) For some reason I love the huge flashing sign out front. Makes me feel like I'm actually going to 'a show'. And be sure to check out all of the rock memorabilia lining the lobby. Some great stuff to be seen if you're a music fan. Glad there is a more intimate theatre to see nationally touring music acts than US Airways in downtown Phoenix.
I've been here for various concerts and a Ron White comedy event, and I enjoy this theater very much. The seats are really comfy and the rows are really accessible. There isn't a bad seat in the house and the sound is great! This time, my 2 friends & I were here for the Technicolors/Daughtry/3 Doors Down concert and we had a great time. The concert ROCKED & each act was AMAZING & AWESOME! The staff, as always, was friendly and very informative. Prices for drinks and such are a bit much, about like at a sporting event, but still worth it if you're seeking to quench your thirst while enjoying great entertainment. I love this theater and will be returning for more events in the future.
The address for this business is actually in Phoenix, inside Paradise Valley Mall, next to Penney's, we have been going to this business for many years, my husband loves this place, he will drive the extra miles, just to give this gentleman business, this business has moved a couple of times, but have settled in the Mall, he has fixed many leather purses for me, and my husbands shoes has lasted him years, because he just keeps replacing heels, and keeps them polished, a lot less money, than buying the Italian shoes ! I would recommend driving the extra miles, for this shoe stop, I have tried other places around my home in scottsdale, and my husband and I keep going back to this shoe stop !
The sweetest, kindest man on earth! He re-soled my HD boots and they are now twice as good as they were when I bought them four years ago! More importantly, he re-sized and conditioned my late brother's biker jacket so that my son could now wear it. When I saw the craftmanship that went into the jacket it brought tears to my eyes. When he saw the tears, he hugged me, and told me that he was sorry for my loss. Love him!
A visual feast for the senses. Make sure to catch a show here soon. One of the few older, unique buildings left here. Phoenix usually loves to tear down their historic sites and I am so glad they have not. On with the show!
This is an absolutely charming theater. Beautiful architecture, acoustics are amazing and the seats are extremely comfortable. We had the fortune of seeing Legend of Zelda. We had seats 17 rows back but I think you would be hard pressed to find a bad seat. Their customer service is wonderful, they were able to fix a ticket sanfu easily without any hassle. I will certainly keep a lookout on the Orpheums schedule and come back.
I love seeing history saved. When you look at the architecture of this building it truly takes you back into time. The seats are very comfortable at this theater!
Excellent appointment notice, punctual, excellent service and great follow up.
This is one of my favorite stores to go to. The girls here are kind and patient, definitely willing to help a customer out. They greet you from the moment you come in through the door and want you to leave happy. They don't try to dis other stores if you bring in other business but will talk to you
This restaurant has been around for years and is the best restaurant in the mall bar none. I like a lot of the dishes but my main choices are usually the Teriyaki Chicken, Beef and Broccoli, Orange Chicken and/or Kung Pao Chicken. It's so much better than Panda Express.
The other two reviews pretty much summed it up. Give it a try and get inspired. Richard Maraj is great!
I love Unity. I drive 40 miles every Sunday. I love Richard Maraj. He is wonderful. I also have been going long enough to know the previous Minister Richard Rogers. Everyone was so sad when he left. But he is back now. So we have both Richards. It is so incredible. Richard Rogers does the Wednesday evening service. And brings back his passion for each message. If you are looking for a church filled with love and the teachings of a loving God, then come home to Unity. And yes, the gift shop is amazing!
My wife has been coming here for years. After a bunch of bad haircuts Misty took great care of me. Quick, great cut, reasonably priced.
"It's the Tiki, Tiki, Tiki, Tiki, Tiki ROOM. It's the Tiki, Tiki, Tiki, Tiki, Tiki ROOM." I love how people complain about it being tacky, dirty and whatnot. For fuck's sake, it's the epitome of a DIVE. Dives are supposed to be that way! Remember: they are dark so that you can't see the 'roaches. I love this place! It's up there on the Top 3 Dives. I mean: kitsch decoration, missing toof women bartenders, great music, cheap strong drinks and PBR served in a pitcher -yes, you must drink it out of the pitcher- for $3. I MEAN, what more can you ask for? Not sure if it's still the case, but Tuesdays are great. It's pants off, dance off time!
Do you like trendy shit-music and half dressed plastic surgery queens gyrating all around you, while you pay twelve dollars for your appletini? If your answer is yes, don't bother coming here. Dive bars are plentiful in Phoenix, but the Bikini is in my 'hood. It's a dirty, unassuming place, with a couple of no-nonsense bartenders and a good jukebox. There are a couple of rules to follow when visiting the Bikini: 1. Bring cash. Cards aren't accepted, the atm machine is there for decoration only, as it hasn't worked in at least two years. 2. Don't make fun of the guy in the overalls and farmer hat. He's my neighbor. 3. Don't piss off the bartenders. Tip them well, treat them nicely, and don't order more than three dirty martinis. If you are nice to them, they will be nice to you. This includes, but is not limited to: the strength of your drinks, the price of your drinks, and whether or not you get a drink at all. They take no shit. If you can't handle it, stay away. The place gets crowded enough as it is.
The best bar in Phoenix. The Bikini Girls have experience. I've had some of the best nights up in that bitch. sexy. and PBR is like so cheap. Don't be appalled when you see all the dudes drinking straight from a personal pitcher, its one less glass for the ladies to clean. Also, JOHN MAYER!
Best dive in town!
Went there on Saturday from 10am to 4pm, not very crowded so the rides and Sponge Bob Square Pants lines were not long. They had some great FREE entertainment as well. Had a great time!!
This is a great place to volunteer and exercise some humanity. A friend of mine asked me to tag along with him and I'm so glad I did, we've been back a couple of times to help out with the meals and drop off some things they were in need of at the time - like tampons. If you want to get involved and help out, start here!
Just a quick note to say thanks to Dave and his staff.. My Classic Land Cruiser had some issues, as I had restored it my self. To make a long story short I put a modern engine in a old car. I got it about 90% there but I could not get it to run right. I met Dave while tiring to sell him a new air conditioning system, walking through his garage it became very apparent that Dave had to knowledge and expertise to help me. I asked if they took on projects and Dave said, "sure, just bring it down" That's what I did and could not be happier I am in the customer service business and I expect a lot from service providers, usually end up being disappointed. but not this time, my Land Cruiser runs, stops and drives as good as it looks.
Best red chile burritos ever! Take an extra $5 to buy something for one of the homeless guys that hang out here.
This place pushes out some delicious food, Red chile burro with rice and beans is better than any I've had, and their Nachos are soooo freaking cheesey and good you'll want to order both for one sitting. Unfortunately only outside seating but cool art work on the building to enjoy while eating and don't be discouraged by there greedy practice of charging for extra hot sauce. But of all things to remember make sure you bring cash the place can't afford a card processing machine which is a good thing other wise I'd be there too often and a fat face looks weird on me
Total dive. Cash only. No indoor seating. BEST. MEXICAN. FOOD. IN. PHOENIX. Firstly, it may be cash only but the prices are great. Just hit the freaking ATM before you go and stop whining. They have a huge menu, so large it takes up a good portion of one of the walls of the phone booth sized area you order from inside. The tortillas are so fresh they could easily go head to head with Carolina's. The red chili is by far the best I've ever had, as noted by some fellow yelpers. Don't miss their homemade taco sauce (I think they just call it hot sauce). You'll want to buy a quart to take home. Don't let the exterior fool you. This place is top notch, with very friendly staff that will take good care of you. Stop by and take it home, if you can, but once you get a whiff of it, I challenge you not to pull over and devour it before you ever get on the freeway.
If you're looking for a comfy place for a juicy burger and amazing fries...Here it is! So lucky to have come across this place. The atmosphere is just perfect, tv's with sports on all the time, full far, and salad bar for you to customize your burger to your liking. I usually get the #4 which is the small one with some fries. Don't be fooled by the name "small one" their burgers are a pretty good size and when you add all your toppings from the salad bar, it gets even BIGGER! I have seen the bigger burgers, and boy are those huge! You are able to choose the kind of cheese and bun that you want, and that's always good. Heard the jalapeno poppers are good and their mushroom topping is too!
So much for my previous review....expounding on the virtues of flame-broiled meat and that glorious smell it produces. The place burned down last night.
Sandwich Heaven! Believe the hype. This place is fantastic. Gets packed at Lunch, but worth the wait. I always get the Super Sicilian. Y U M M Y!
Simply sandwiches, they may have other stuff on the menu but I would never know because I can't get past the super Sicilian & the turkey. AWESOME!
The sesame bread is amazing. The sandwich was huge but I ended up eating the whole thing. Very very good!
Super Sicilian is probably the best sandwich I ever had .. Hands down this place is great..
Get the super Sicilian! It's amazing. Owners are nice and it is great for a group. Highly recommended when visiting Phoenix
I've lived in Phoenix area for 20 years and the Super Sicilian is the best sub in the valley. This family owned business is no frills and little has changed. The owner and his son run the shop and you might see one other "hired help". Don't be surprised if you have to bus your own table before and after eating. Alley parking limits the crowds but don't expect quick service. I've never had anything but the Super Sicilian or Italiano, neither will disappoint. Casual atmosphere.
Don't let the outside scare you away, best Sonoran Tacos in town! Abd by Sonoran I mean flavorful grilled beef. Try the Parrillada.
Great food, clean restaurant, friendly service - this place is a hidden gem close to downtown!
This place is the very definition of whole in the wall but it is a fantastic lunch spot. A friend and I decided to have lunch here one day and we knew the moment we found it that it was either going to be really great or really bad. The restaurant itself is pretty much only open for lunch and is in a place that is not a typical place for a restaurant, meaning that it's probably a little sketchy there at night. It was an average size restaurant and maybe a little on the smaller side. This is a no frills down to the point Mexican food place. Our waitress really did not speak much English which for me is a good sign. We ordered the make your own Carne Asada plate that came with rice and beans. The tortillas were fresh and home made and the steak was seasoned amazingly. I had very few charred or chewy pieces. The beans were too die for and the rices was the standard Mexican rice that my grandma showed me to make. This place was a legit home made mexican food restaurant and the service as great but a little slow (which was understandable because the place was pretty packed). The prices were great for lunch. My friend and I got out of there with a little under $11 each. The chips were pretty standard and nothing special and the salsas were pretty generic but still very tasty. I really enjoyed every bite of my meal and I would go back again and again if I had a lunch partner and had a little bit more lunch time!
They did a complete paint job on my 88 Jeep Comanche and it looks awesome still a year later. I also sent a friend who needed the rear hatch of his new Grand Cherokee re-painted. I can't see the difference between the factory and the repair. They are fair with pricing and they do the job right.
OMG what amazing prices. Bought 3 Coils for my Lexus Es-300. Auto Zone wanted 69.99 each. Bought 3 for 31.00 each. Just called on a radiator for my Lexus. Auto Zone wanted $135.99 Penny Pincher $81.00 These prices are AMAZING!
Always have the parts I need at a very low price. Most of the parts have warranties as long as you remember to save the receipt. A low cost and quicker alternative to the big corporate branded parts shops. As with any part's shop, there are good times to go where it is "dead". Obviously the weekends at 2pm is not a good time. But any other time, especially weekdays and evenings is a great time to go. Also, if you are going into a labor intensive project that requires lots of time to remove the part, make sure the new part is tested and works before installing it. Example would be a starter on a Crown Vic. It's a 3 hour job because of the control arms blocking access. I also got a real good deal on a cooling fan and shroud for my Thunderbird at half the normal price. I never had a problem with a part from from this shop. Just make sure you know your vehicle's specifications.
Great place for parts. Call first to get a price check and compare it to your other local parts stores. My last drive to Penny Pincher was worth a 30 mile trek. Starter Motor: Autozone: $229 (2yr warranty) Penny Pincher $68 (1Yr warranty) I can buy 2 to cover the 2 year warranty and still save $$!!!
Wait where is the one on 35th ave and van buren that is the best
You're a Yelper. Adventurous by nature. Always seeking the good life and with it, all of its spoils. But really, you're all talk. Your grand idea of adventure is 'trying Ethiopian' tonight. Isn't it high time you busted-out of that Scottsdale bubble for some real adventure? Come on down to Michele's. This is the place I hang until rush hour traffic has cleared and can effortlessly navigate three freeway systems back to my North Scottsdale enclave each night. I wish I could say come join me for a glass of wine, or a cocktail, or appys, maybe even a craft beer, but I can't. There is no such thing. Not here. The only thing you'll find here is Bud on tap, and a rack of potato chips behind the bar. Well, that and the wino's, drug dealers, and old women who are so cliche, you'll never wonder again why our society has a shelter for women. This is a taste of counter culture at it's finest, people. Try it. But if you do, here are some tips. Only go in daylight hours. Leave the Range Rover at home, take your friends beat-up rice grinder. No skinny jeans, heels, or fashion of any kind. No purse or clutch. No watch, bling or any type of bedazzled accessories. And no Iphone. They'll know you're not one of them as you walk around holding your phone up snapping pics you plan to post on FB later. Leave the phone in the car. And I'd only go in with several of your biggest guy friends. You should probably bring that one guy friend who's been known to go mental on occasion, that wouldn't hurt either. Now enjoy your afternoon of Budweisers, Funyuns, and 1960's circa cowboy tunage blaring from the old Wurlitzer. Michele's also has four nice pool tables, plenty of booths, and a men's bathroom that'll put your bladder's holding ability to the ultimate test. Isn't it time you stretched your social wings? Think of it as a field trip, where you can see all of humanity's-ass warts gathered up in one cozy little corner of the city, save for me of course. Oh, and bring a gun.
My first time at Rita was memorable. From the food to the service everything was top notch. Aaron who is the bartender/manager/host is friendly and funny. The toritos are an amazing appetizer. Aaron even offered to buy them for us if we did not like them. They are yellow peppers stuffed with shrimp and then wrapped in bacon. My main course was the carne asada with a cheese enchilada. The meal came with rice, beans and a salad. My father had the shredded beef chimichunga. The rice and beans were not included with the chimichunga. The rice is fluffy and flavorful. The beef in the chimichunga was sweet but had great flavor. The service was very fast. Drinks were refilled very fast. Aaron is a great host and makes you feel like family. We will be going back and will tell our friends about this amazing place.
We stayed here last month and it's a nice place. The staff was helpful and friendly. It's located in a weird area of what first seemed like the parking lot of a huge hospital, but alas, it's just next door to one. This isn't a problem, but every so often a med-evac helicopter goes to the hospital. It can be seen and heard, but it really didn't bother us at all. In fact, my 3 year old liked to run to the window to see it when it would go by. There's also a center nearby that has places to eat as well as a Starbucks, so that's pretty convenient. The only issue I had was that the breakfast area is so teeny tiny and it's ridiculously hard to get in there at times. We were there for 5 nights and we went down at different times each morning and it was pretty congested at all times. It'd be nice if they expanded that area just a tad.
I just got my ears re-pierced at a 10 gauge by Jeremiah, it was a very pleasant experience, I'd definitely go back again... Amazing jewelry selection, a bit pricey but you get what you pay for, so whatever, right? I used to go to the one in Tucson, so it was no shock that they are probably the most professional at what they do, no dis-respect to any other shop of course, but it is what it is. The Staff seemed really friendly also, I didn't sense any condescending attitudes toward my questions or anything. And I would feel very comfortable getting anything pierced here, they've earned their reputation as the best... Looking forward to going back in a few months and getting some 6 gauge plugs, maybe something else too...
I have visited Halo several times for piercing needs since I turned 18, and I have to say they are great! The staff is super helpful and informed, the space is CLEAN!! and they have a huge selection of jewelry to pick from. I have been thinking about getting my nose pierced again, so I stopped in a few days ago. Not only did they answer every single question I had (and believe me, there were plenty), but they also showed me a lot of different jewelry options and helped me figure out what I wanted to do. I highly recommend you stop in if you are in the mood for some body modification. (P.S. they also have regular jewelry like necklaces, rings, and bracelets, too!)
I have never had a bad experience. I have brought friends here for piercings as well and they have all been extremely pleased. DON'T GO ANYWHERE ELSE! You will not regret your decision to use Halo. I trust them completely. Halo is immaculately clean. The staff is top notch. Ana has ninja fast hands. Truly. Ana is the most professional, knowledgeable, funny, and friendly piercer. She can make even the most nervous person feel at ease and has done my last three piercings. Tish and Stephani are both super friendly at the counter. Both gals are helpful about jewelry choices. (Just be careful....piercings are addicting. *wink*)
Halso has such a large jewelry collection, I would never consider shopping elsewhere for high-quality body jewelry. And yes, it is expensive, but it's the best you're going to be able to find. I had Jeremiah pierce my navel and he did everything possible to ease the tension (I'm rather afraid of needles.) He's an absolute riot and did a very good job. I've also had Ana help me change my navel ring and cartilage ring many times, and Kelsey is wonderful at helping me pick out jewelry. I plan on returning if (when) I get my nose pierced.
I cannot say enough good things about Halo. This is absolutely the most professional and cleanest shop I've been to in Arizona. They have a great selection of jewelry a little on the pricey side but that's what you pay for retail. Jeremiah was our piercer and not only was he super professional and awesome at what he does, he was a great guy to work with--hilariously funny and very personable. If you are looking to get another piercing or perhaps take your child in to get her first, this is the place to go. The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable and it's not one of those weird trendy places where you go in and feel uncomfortable. Everyone and anyone is made to feel welcome here. And for the teenage crowd remember at Halo you get 3 free piercings on your 18th birthday.
Best piercing establishment around!!! I will not go myself or take my daughter anywhere else to get pierced except here. They have always been straight forward and professional. The shop is well run with a wide selection of jewelry to choose from both in stock and available for special order. So, if you're looking for your piercings to be done right the first time and want to be guaranteed your health is at the forefront in everything the staff does, This is your place just as it is Mine :-)
They mixed me a great gin and tonic here, and I dig the decor, low red twinkle lights and a bathtub-shaped beer tap "hub." So cute I actually took a picture, and I'm not a tourist. Bathrooms have swinging doors, which I like for some reason. The band was covering classic funk, and snazzy-suited men took my money and held the door. Shirts tucked in, pressed pants and a nice hat and shoes snazzy, not "these are my best jeans" a la every other male bouncer ever employed in Phoenix. The makeshift patio space is comfortable, I get the feeling that (if it doesn't leak) it'd be awesome to sit out there on a rainy afternoon. Older clientele, but I didn't feel out of place, well, no more than at any other place I've gone. Definitely prefer the evening scene, it's just a little depressing during the day. The mark of a good night club!
This place rejuves me! It's a dark little place with a red glow from the Christmas lights hanging all around the room. Get there early and it's not much to like at, but soon the place fills with people of all sorts and live, loud, soulful music. The drinks are good and not over priced and the waitresses keep them coming no matter how crowded it gets. Bathrooms are a tight squeeze, but I feel it adds to the charm of the place. I love dancing the night away with my hubby till we shut Char's down!
I have been a patient of Dr. Whitely at Healthy Outlook Family Medicine for about ten years. Dr. Whitely is so caring and always seems genuinely concerned about my health issues and how I'm doing. I never feel like she's in a rush or just trying to get to the next patient. She always takes the time to discuss any concerns that I have and to find out what's going on with me. I have spoken to friends and coworkers about their primary care physicians and when I compare my experiences with Dr. Whitely to their experiences with their physicians, I know that I am so lucky to have Dr. Whitely as my PCP. I always brag about what a great PCP I have. I would highly recommend Dr. Whitely and any of the staff at Healthy Outlook. I live in the east valley so the office isn't close to home, but I will never go anywhere else for my primary care needs. Dr. Whitely is worth the trip :)
Great service, friendly people, call backs as promised. I had an unfortunate car wreck, but the main concern was getting a driver's side mirror. My insurance only pays after a certain amount, and the damages were minor enough where I would be paying 100% for everything. There are paint scrapes as well, but for safety, I mainly just wanted to get my mirror. I thought it was nice that they provided two estimates for me - one for just the mirror and one with the mirror and paint job. He suggested just getting a mirror for safety and said the paint scrapes could wait till later, as they didn't affect my driving. I called to secure the mirror on a late Monday afternoon, and by Tuesday afternoon, the mirror was in. My car was fixed within 90 minutes or so. The office there has WiFi, in case you don't have a person to come pick you up and are stuck there for a while. Also when I was looking at the choices of body shops for my wreck, the location here is nice. At 7th Ave and Highland, if a person does not have a person to pick him/her up, the light rail stop is close at Central and Camelback, maybe a 5-minute walk. This location is maybe 5 minutes from my house as well. The office staff are all very friendly and the service is honest and reliable. Great job Select Auto Body!
I just finished a check-up visit after my Golf R was repaired at Select. The owner Bud and the shop he runs are from another time...when quality, craftsmanship and friendly service were the hallmark of a customer centered business. Bud takes his customers' side, gets the insurance company to pay their due and turns out body work done with all new parts that is without compare. I don't wreck my car often, but when I do, I take it to Select ,)
I recently purchased a 2014 VW Jetta and within 2 weeks, I scratched the paint pretty good on a curb and my girlfriend opened the passenger side door and hit a pole. That took a little paint off too. I called VW to see if they would do touch up paint and they set me up with Select Auto Body. I went last week to get an estimate and I was figuring a couple hundred dollars. Bud, the owner, was amazing. He told me to bring it in this morning and they would buff out the scratches and touch it up for free! He even threw in a little bottle of the paint just in case! I will definitely use this place for any other work I need done, and will recommend them to all of my family and friends. Thank you so much guys! I'm very impressed with the service you all provided.
I actually met Dr Durisek as a neighbor after moving to the valley 9 years ago. Once I had dental insurance I had to check out the practice after a painful visit to another facility through a dental HMO. What can I say, I've never left--very comfortable setting, Teresa is wonderful, and I never feel pressured into upsells, such as cosmetic procedures, etc. I'm given the information needed to make the decision and treated like an informed patient. I've also never left the office with a bad experience ever. Pretty rare to say about a business after 9 years- so I'm sure I'll be a patient here as long as I stay in the valley.
I have been a customer of Open Wide Dental for about 1 1/2 years. Great crew, awesome atmosphere. The girls are very gentle with their tools and the price is right.
The place is clean and bright and the staff is friendly and professional. I like the clear billing statements and estimates. The other reviews cover it all. I have had a few questions with billing my insurance company, and they have cleared it up every time. I love the relaxed feel of the place so much that it makes me look forward to going to the dentist. Expect them to offer more cosmetic-type services such as whitening because this is where all dentists make money, but it's not a problem. I LOVE that they play whatever kind of music they want. I'm sure they would let you plug in your iPod to the stereo system if you were ever so inclined.
I needed a new dentist and after shopping around I read the reviews on here. I'd have to say my experiences have been exactly on par with all the 5star ones. Great service, great friendly staff, comfortable environment. I truly do not feel like just a number or some herded cattle being moved along in this office. Dr Durisek has done a great job in creating a wonderful experience (if one can actually be had in a dentists office.) I don't believe I've run into one staff member yet, in quite a few visits, that hasn't been friendly and helpful and a joy to be around. There are certainly cheaper dental offices out there, but "cheaper" isn't just descriptive of the price. I'm very happy with my dentist! (Is one allowed to say that about a dentist?)
Dear Shannel, how I love your styling techniques and professionalism. Your informative ways and nice scalp massage really were swell:) First time here, definitely not the last! The decor is chic, the staff is friendly and they even offer lattes! I was asked to fill out a little question and answer before getting my 'do did, and I was delighted to find that my stylist went through it and talked with me about my answers. My hair going in was a hot mess and coming out, *insert Ron Burgundy voice* "EVERYONE, COME SEE HOW GOOD I LOOK!" I highly recommend this salon if you're looking to take your frumpy, lifeless locks to the next level.
I have lived near to this place for years but never considered checking it out because the building looks icky. But I have been back three times and it's only been two weeks! The menu is huge. It's worth visiting this place just to see it. How can they fit so much food in such a small place? Well I don't care anyway, I guess. I am impressed that they offer a gardenburger option for people like me. It is also great to see how clean the inside is. The decor conjures memories of enjoying the Ramona Quimby books as a kid. Burger Factory's atmosphere is exactly what I would have expected had i been with Ramona when she was lucky enough to enjoy a meal out. My favorite thing to order is the patty melt with a gardenburger patty. It's always good! They use rye bread, tons of cheese, and an equally large amount of sauteed onion. Order a large fries and they give you more than you could ever eat in one sitting. Only problem is that fries aren't all that great reheated in the microwave the next day.
A local burger joint that's been around for as long as I can remember. Sometimes it's hard to pick out what to eat since there are a billion items on their menu. The last time I went, I ordered the sourdough double cheese burger with bacon and avocado. How was it? It was as if a sourdough jack made a beautiful baby with a BLT. Grilled sourdough with 2 burger patties, american cheese, bacon, lettuce, tomato and generous portions of avocado. One word, amazing. I've also had the gyro here, which was better than My Big Fat Greek Restaurant IMO.
There sure is a lot of complainers here talking about cash only. Do none of you carry $10 bucks with you? Actually even less then that? Anyways ranking an establishment because they don't take debit or credit is just a joke. Focus on the food people. Came here and met up with some friends and I'm a huge fan of BLTs and saw they had it on the menu. I ordered it on wheat bread and they also added avocados. Let me tell you this, they sure don't skimp on the bacon. The sandwich alone will fill you up and it was delicious. Lettuce was fresh and crispy, tomatoes were great and the avocados gave it that extra kick. I would recommend getting the BLT They have the normal steak type fries, not sure what they are called, but they are the bigger cut fries and they tasted good as well just like most places. Can't really mess up on fries. My buddy got the chicken wings and they were pretty good. They were crispy and juicy inside. Free refills like any other joint, has the old school look inside but was clean when I was there. I would come back again.
I absolutely love the burger factory , I've been coming here for years already and I just wish I lived closer .
The Persian Garden Cafe uses organic ingredients and they offer lots of vegan options in addition to meat dishes. Everything we tried was extraordinary. The owner told us that anything can be made vegetarian and the portions are generous. The service was great. If you like red wine, try their Pinot Noir from Oregon. We had the vegetable and chicken stew, lentil soup, and the spinach stew. My taste buds were in seventh heaven. I have also had their food delivered and it was great.
Helped me adjust my bike and gave me advice to reduce pain on my back and knees. Invaluable help as I cross the country San Diego to Washington DC. Great people and great service!
This is the hardest working taco shop in town. These guys work 24/7 365 to serve hot wholesome Mexican food. Christmas Day? No problemo you can get some food. My special orders are always welcome and ask them for everything from Carnita w/ chili relleno to all vegetarian no cheese. Prices are awesome and the service is friendly in any language.
Los Compadres is a family favorite and in some cases our traditional post-holiday restaurant. The food is great, the staff is friendly and the salsa in and of itself makes up for the semi-dilapidated decor. Love it.
You can get a fuckin' awesome enchilada here. yeah this place is the best in the neighborhood. the red sauce on the enchilada is a bit spicy, but it makes it amazing. the rice was good too. That's all i got this time around, but looking forward to going back & trying some other items on the menu.
In a word: SUPERIOR. Long live Los Compadres!
This is the 2nd time i have been here. Once for dinner and this time for lunch. It is absolutely fantastic!! I have lived by this restaurant for 14 years and just recently discovered it. Wow, , Delicious, tasty and incredibly good. Even the chips and Salsa are so good. They brew Coffee for me, which is my most favorite beverage with Mexican Food. Coffee really enhances the flavor of the spices. I absolutely love this fabulous place. It is spotlessly clean as well and smells really good inside. Lots of parking in the back of the building. Bathrooms are very clean. Nice and cool inside even though it was 112 degrees outside, yes and it is not even Summer yet.
I've been coming here for the last 20 years. I love this place! The food is always made to order, quick and delicious. Best time to get there is when they open because the lunch crowd can really pack that tiny place up. I will continue to come here once a month like I usually do.
The staff is super friendly and helpful. The food is great and out quickly. Coffee is always hot & tasty! This is our go-to breakfast spot! Plus you can sub almost anything, including egg whites, for no extra charge. They're very accommodating, especially for those of us who have to eat gluten free. So happy we found First Watch!
I traded in a set of drums here and was able to get a great deal on a guitar. The employee who helped me was very knowledgeable and honest. He genuinely cared for the purchase I wanted to make. He gave me a great deal, and showed me keys components in the item I bought. I would highly recommend doing business with this company. It's a small looking place on the outside, but when you get inside, they have a good selection or multiple things. Very honest business!
This is probably the best place for a sweet tooth. They have a large variety of fresh ice creams to fit everyone's fancy. Just don't eat too much and get fat! Mommy wouldn't love you then. Oh yeah they also have a drive thru now.
I had been craving ice cream. But not just any ice cream, or "cold stone" from near our house, but the real stuff. So I yelped what was good. I read Mary Coyle's was amazing. So we went, made the 20 minute drive and it was amazing!! I had not had ice cream like this in several years!! It is really cute inside, the style and the colors. I decided that next birthday or my dinner with bridesmaids woule be here. I willd efinitely be back!
Taco Bell is what it is, rating the food is senseless. You like it or you don't. Since I'm a vegetarian, I appreciate their 7-layer burrito with 7 layers of everything but meat. And their crispy potato taco. For 89 cents, it's a basic taco with some seasoned fried potatoes, some sauce, cheese and lettuce. It's not gourmet, but I love it. Anyways, forget about the food. The employees in this place must be making a hefty salary because ALL of them are ridiculously sweet. They are quick, but always eager to find out how you're doing. "don't feel like cooking today?" she asked me tonight "wow, I love your tattoo, how long did that take?" he asked me last time. "have a good night sweetie" I hear as I take off. Good ol fashion personality. Love it.
I have been going here for over 20 years - got my very first haircut from the original owner, Nate himself. (Support your local barber - don't sell out to a big chain barbershop). I live in Los Angeles now, but I make sure to wait and get my haircut when I come back to visit family in Phoenix - nothing beats this place. Friendly service, inexpensive, quick, and professional...customer for life!
This dark moody bar has more character in a square inch than FIVE Scottsdale bars have altogether. Quite simply stated -- they just don't make bars like this anymore. Chez Nous oozes bar noir cool - with the patterned neo-gothic wallpaper, 70s light fixtures, plush leather booths, and a weathered old-school sensibility. I don't know why I haven't reviewed this yet either - having been several times. A small group of us bid farewell this past weekend to the 7th Ave/Indian School charmer of a bar that was Chez Nous. I'm gonna go out on a limb here, but in my several trips here I've found this to be the most ethnically diverse crowd one can find at an Arizona bar -- all mingling, drinking stiff drinks and dancing to 70s funk and soul in harmony (cue cheesy sappy music here). I hope the character of this bar and mix of regulars stays intact - something I worry about since it's moving to the gentrifying Roosevelt arts district in August.
good bye chez nous..it was great while it lasted!!
Loved it. They've been in this spot 20 (twenty) years~! Clean, modern design. Stainless steel tables, color coordinated chairs, white table cloth & walls and black ceiling. I used to feel guilty about giving out 5 stars, but not any more. If I really liked it, and I really think my friends should try it = 5 stars. Food I had was great, place was great, exceeded my expectations = 5 stars. * Amazing egg roll had lots of fresh veggies and a hint of black pepper. * Lettuce wraps were just as they should be, fresh with crunchies, crisp lettuce and a tasty sauce. * Clay Pot Chicken with Asian Eggplant. Hot (temperature) and perhaps a bit "oily" for my dining companion (not me). It was a lot more than I expected. The staff was small and friendly and they had REALLY COLD BEER... yum. Lived in Phoenix a long time and this was my first time here. Will return soon.
In addition to all the rave reviews about Alta Vista staff saving pets from horrible circumstances, i would like to add that they have very reasonable rates for routine care. I have also boarded dogs there for short trips out of town. The rates were good, and the dogs were returned happy.
What more can you say about a menu that is Mexican and Greek? I love this restaurant, everything I've had (Mexican or Greek) has been superb. The service is awesome and even though the joint is tiny, they move the folks in and out quickly. If you're ever in the area and hungry for Mexican (or Greek) - don't hesitate to stop here!
Feb 22 - Adjust to 5 stars. We have now ordered take out several times from this place and it is yummy. On top of it, the staff are so incredibly friendly to my husband and daughter. Top notch service and food deserve 5 stars. All of these years living down the street we never went in because we thought it was a bar. We turned to Yelp for a carryout place and saw the reviews. My hubbie and I were pleasantly surprised. We placed the order and it was ready in ten minutes. The food came home piping hot. Salsa and chips were yummy. I had a chicken chimichanga smothered in guacamole and sour cream. The chicken in the chimichanga burrito consisted of all white meat - moist and flavorful. My husband had a combo plate - an enchilada, relleno, rice, beans and beef taco. I think the relleno was wrapped in a corn tortilla, not the traditional egg batter. It was a bit strange. The green chili itself was flavorful. Being from NM, I am used to a red sauce being made from red chili powder. I could not quite distinguish what the sauce was made from that covered the enchilada. All in all the food was quite tasty and reasonable for the amount of food we received. On top of it the service both over the phone and on site were great. My husband said the place was packed when he stopped by around 6:30 pm.
Mi Patio was a pleasant surprise! We did not know what to expect but relied on the yelp reviews to dictate dinner. The staff is extremely friendly and recommended great stuff, 3 of us got the chicken burro and loved it. another got the Quesadilla and loved it. The margaritas are not only really good and have a good amount of liquor but the price was ridiculous. Being from LA Margaritas in my area are 7-10 bucks. The large here was 3.25! amazingly good too. HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE! After eating, we all said we have to review this place on yelp! Will definitely go back again.
Love this place! Prompt service and great food! The chips are salsa are also great! This is my favorite Mexican restaurant and I drive over half an hour to come here. I recommend Mi Patio to all my friends...
Was greeted like "Family" the minute I opened the door with a hearty, enthusiastic welcome from I'm guessing the man himself Pino. What a hell of a guy! Super friendly. My pizza was fuhgetta 'bout it delicious and perfectly made. Extra thin crust was expertly charred with just the right amount of tangy, authentic, home-made sauce and really, really tasty combination of just enough cheese and toppings to satisfy but not choke. LOVE THIS PLACE, LOVE PINO, and LOVE THE PIZZA! Made me feel like we've known each other all of our lives! Grazie Pino!
Great, GREAT Italian food! The bolognese is by far the best I've ever had. Their pizzas are super yummy too. So are the salads...and the specials. It's ALL GOOD. The waitstaff are really friendly and efficient too. I just love coming here for the food and the atomosphere. I'll be back again and again and again...
For the value and quality of the food, this place has to get 5 stars. It isn't a high end place, but the 10+ times I have been there, the food has been excellent. Salads are big, pizza is crunchy and chewy, and the sandwiches are great. Even the pastas are excellent. The service isn't particularly fast, but for pizza by the slice, I think this is the best I have had in the Valley.
Ordered takeout for the first time last night: Spaghetti Marinara for the kiddo, and a meat lover's pizza for the adults. It's probably the best pizza crust that I have tasted in the Valley. Lightly sauced, great cheese, what a wonderful tasting pizza. The marinara sauce was amazing...they definitely have some talent in the kitchen.
This is not your normal pizza place. DELICIOUS! I would pit this place against a 5 star Italian place the chef is obviously a top chef. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of food they serve. The pepperoni pizza was great, Caesar salad was delicious and the mixed green with house balsamic was amazing. The pan roasted salmonbwas fantastic. The pasta with marinara was very authentic and the portions were huge. We were just passing by Phoenix and were so lucky to meet up with some friends here. The tiramisu was top notch. Lots of cream yet light and fluffy. I would come back in a heartbeat.
Ok, so when I'm not eating cheese pizzas I'm eating Thai Food. Much like pizza, Thai (or almost any Asian cuisine) is something I could eat almost everyday and being a vegetarian Thai food has a lot of options for me. Why am I telling you this? Cause eating a lot of Thai food makes me picky. Whenever I try any new Thai place I stick with one of two standards: Pad Thai or Green Curry. If you are a Thai restaurant and cannot handle either of these dishes, then you should just close down shop now. As for Thai Rama, they do both very well. I'll even go as far as to say Thai Rama is my favorite Thai food in the valley. It's near my home, open late and the staff is really friendly. I've eaten here for years and my favorite is the Pad Thai with fried tofu....dare I say the best in the valley?? I prefer my Pad Thai a little on the sweet side, not fishy tasting with some flavor, and most Thai places here have the more "traditional" type. If you like it spicy, this place can comply so watch out! Their green veggie curry is flavorful, with a good assortment of veggies. My only complaints would be their hot and sour soup, which is ok but WAY too much ginger flavor...to the point that I couldn't enjoy it. Also, like so many other Thai places, they tempt you with the mango sticky rice only to never have mango!!! When they do, its awesome, otherwise settle for the custard sticky rice which is almost as good.
Its a hole in the wall but the food and.staff is.amazing.
The people here are extremely friendly and the food is so damn good. My favorite dish is the beef and broccoli
I have been to St Joseph's a few times and primarily for nerve blocks. I have never had a bad experience there and getting into the 0500 check in has never been a problem. Most of my treatment has been by Dr. Castellanos and his support people and they have all been great. Timely treatment and timely follow ups. Only one thing, the security guy looked a little out of sorts this morning when we entered through the ER. Maybe he needed some coffee.
Best fry bread ever. The tacos are excellent and the powered sugar dessert fry breads are wonderful and light. They also make really good iced sun tea. Like that this place is low-key and casual.
We go there all the time and love the red vegetable with extra fry bread with powder sugar. They have lots of drink options on tap, but we prefer the ice cold water they make available. Right next door is a great coffee shop that you can finish up dinner. Now the service is not the best, but you may get a smile if you crack a joke, but they definitely have some great authentic fry bread!
I wish I could give this place 20 stars! During my annual spring training trip, we used to always go to Heart Attack Grill for lunch one of the days...a tradition if you will. Now that the Grill has relocated, there's been a giant void in my crew's go to spot for lunch. Well that void has been filled with this joint -- it is the perfect restaurant! Cheap, quick, not insanely busy, not too hard to get to, etc. Oh, and of course, the food is out of control good. I tried the green chilli and fry bread and both were amazing. I kept clamoring to come back here on my last trip to no avail...let's just say I can't wait until I'm back in Phoenix this upcoming fall so I can come back to this gem!
O M G , when they named this the Superstore, they weren't kidding! If you want to dress up for your hubby or simply buy some pretty lingerie for yourself this place has it all! Its huge! The sales girls were very helpful and professional. I really really like this store and its one stop shopping for me and all my under garment needs.
Been going here for almost a decade. Never had any problems. Very affordable, speedy cleaning and I don't have that funky after-drycleaning stiff feeling you'd normally get at these cheap $2.29 cleaners. (You know what I'm talkin' about) They really do a great job and don't damage your clothes by putting stickers on your clothes like they do at the "organic drycleaners". Just a safety pin with a piece of paper on the clothing label. They only accept cash or checks. Worse case scenario, you can use the ATM they have inside their store.
Moving from the edge of nowhere (San Tan Valley) into the big city was exciting, frightening and stressful all rolled into one. After living in the far east valley for the better part of 8 years I grew used to the quiet and mostly crime free living environment of my surroundings. The thought of apartment life unsettled me. After looking for months at many different apartments, I stumbled my way to Lexington on Central. My first thought was that these must be condos as they have a condo feel to them. With further investigation I discovered they were apartments for rent. After looking at what Lexington on Central had to offer, to my relief, my search was over. This gated, Clean & quiet complex was just what I was looking for. Yes, super quiet, right in the middle of uptown Phoenix. The complex has a weight room, spa, pool and an entertainment facility that you can rent for parties. Lexington on Central is also just steps away from the Light Rail. If you are looking for bargain accommodations , these will not be for you as rents are spendy. Spendy or not, sometimes you do get what you pay for.
I moved across country and have lived at Lexington on Central for three months now. Their staff is great quality, the sales staff, the maintenance staff, everyone. The grounds are kept nice, safe and clean. The location is amazing, easy to get anywhere and the light rail and bus stops are very close. If you get a unit mid-back of the complex it is very quiet even though on a busy street.
What an amazing experience with V.I. Auto Repair company! The first auto shop I took my 99 GMC Safari van to was honest in advising me that despite their many efforts, I should take it to a GM dealer. I knew that wouldn't work because they cost about $110-$120/hr plus parts. Praise God I made a few phone calls and found that not only was VI Auto reasonable with their rates ($80/hr) but that had two mechanics with GM certification. I had the vehicle towed there. I had three major issues that I was guessing would cost me a $1000 or more. The ac needed to be fixed, I had an electrical issue and my hatch window was broken. Not only did they fix all the repairs for a fraction of what I expected, but they did it so quickly! I would be pleased to be a reference for them. Being a single female, I felt Mark was honest and didn't try to take advantage of my lack of knowledge and need to get my vehicle fixed. THANK YOU FOR YOUR INTEGRITY & CUSTOMER SERVICE, Terry Q
Let's get one thing straight: I am a pho snob. I've had both vegetarian/tofu and beef. I've been out for pho more than I've been out for any other kind of food put together. I seriously ate at Pho Hoa in Olympia every single day for a straight month after I graduated high school [high-roller with all my grad money, I know you're jealous]. So I know pho. I know that it varies even within a chain in quality. I also know that Maxim has the best pho I've had since I lived in Olympia. I'm so loyal to Pho Hoa but seriously.. it's lucky Maxim isn't in the same town because I would have to sneak away to Maxim every other day. Down the the nitty-gritty: plenty of condiments and plenty of peppers and lime so I don't have to fight over the last slices. It's clean and there's plenty of space in case a whole ton of people need pho immediately after reading this review. I had the tofu/vegetarian pho, and it was delicious! And I don't usually even like vegetarian broth. Chock full of your greens and tasty blocks of succulent tofu lightly pan-fried floating amidst tons of rice noodles. The servers are friendly and the place is cheap! I love it. I want to go back. I need more Maxim.
$4.50 for a huge bowl of incredibly good Vietnamese soup noodles? Oh Da Vang how I miss you! #21, #26, #36 (or was that #32?), and let's not forget the cafe sua da. Over the years I've eaten at most of the Vietnamese restaurants in Phoenix and in the end I've always come back to Da Vang.
Coming from Seattle where they have good Asian spots everywhere, finding a good pho restaurant was hard. DaVang had really good pho. I had the tofu pho and the tofu was lightly fried just how I prefer:) the broth was amazing and it was a bigger building than most I've seen in Arizona. It's one of those "hole in the wall" type restaurants, but sometimes I think that's the best places for real authentic oriental food. I now come here at least 3 times a month ;)
We ordered the following for breakfast: Ban Xeo (Pan-fried flour crepe with shrimp, pork, and bamboo shoots) Banh Mi Trung Rang (French bread sandwich with fried egg omelette) Chao Thap Cam (Rice porridge with shrimp, pork, squid, fish ball, and imitation crab) The Good News: This is one of my favorite places to eat, I have become a regular here, and it is the best Vietnamese restaurant I have been to thus far in southern Arizona. All of the entrees are always freshly and properly prepared. The service is quick and about as friendly as it gets for a Vietnamese restaurant and the prices cannot be beat. The crepe was cooked perfectly as was the meat and veggies inside, all of which were very tasty, and the serving size was plenty for two people. The French bread was fresh, light, and flavorful, the egg was cooked just right for a sandwich like this, and the veggie toppings(carrots, onions, cucumber, and jalapenos) were a perfect accompaniment. My dining companion had originally decided against having a sandwich, but once she saw how much I was enjoying it she joined in and ate the other half. The consistency of the rice porridge was just right (not too heavy or watery), there was ample portions of pork and all of the different seafood, and the serving size was plenty for two people. The Rest of the Story: The place is a bit run down outside and there always seems to be the usual suspect hanging out in front, but don't let that deter you. The Verdict: I make sure to eat here at least once or twice a month and will continue to happily do so.
Is this the best Vietnamese food I've ever had? No, but for the price it's pretty decent without having to drive all the way to Chandler. Two bowls of pho and two orders of goi cuon for $15-16 is a steal. Very homely taste to the broth and finally a place where goi cuon is inexpensive (it's $2.50 for two pieces). The Vietnamese music in the background and the decent amount of Vietnamese people dining inside add to the authenticity of the place. But beware of the shady area it's in. Located in a tiny strip mall in a not so great area of Phoenix, I would not feel comfortable driving a really nice car here. Or if you had to because it's your only form of transportation, then I'd recommend parking it in front of the restaurant where you can at least keep an eye on it through the windows while you're eating. Probably not the cleanest restaurant either but I'll keep coming back until I find a reason to not to lol. When I have a craving for Vietnamese food I'll be back to have my fill until I can make it back home and eat some good food in San Jose.
If you're not full by the time you're done eating here, you are not human. If you have been here and feel like service was not 'up to par,' 'accommodating.' or 'it's dirty,' you obviously do not know what a real Asian restaurant is like. Believe me, most Asians dgaf when it comes to this but in my opinion, the more they dgaf, the better the food is. My family have been all around this state trying out Vietnamese restaurants and we have been coming back here despite the distance since I was little. Portions are big and prices are still cheap to this day, what more can you ask for? No one does egg rolls better than them and no one, in my opinion can do a better pork and rice dish than them. If you're a novice, just simply order a #1: a big fat bowl of pho and nomlicious meat. Squeeze some lime in your broth, add some bean sprouts, and squeeze sriracha sauce and you have a meal fit for a really really obese 17th century king/queen. If you're not so much a noodle fan like I am, order a #41. I bet you have never eaten such succulent fatty pork in your life before. Douse the rice with the fish sauce and eat it all together with the lettuce they give you and you'll know what's going on. Or at least your stomach will. Top it off with some Vietnamese iced coffee and I'm sure you'll be coming back to this somewhat shady but absolute gem.
I recently got relocate to Phoenix from las vegas at first I was so depressed because there is no 24hr pho restaurants like there is in las Vegas and to me eating pho and going to walmart at 3am is my favorite thing to do. I came to this restaurant today because all the good reviews after work and let me tell you.it was the best bowl of pho I ever had I got the fried rice with chicken and pork and a no 1 large and my friend got s regular no 1 and the bill was only $18.50 wow what a good price and I told myself I want to eat here everyday lol
Phoenix, you are lucky! Such delicious flavors for such low prices. We ate whatever we wanted and then some for only - wait for it - $19!!!!! I'd be pumped if we lived closer to this place. Go here!
You want authentic? You want the real thing? You want inexpensive? Go to this place. The crepes are perfect. Just go and order by number.
Great pricing and location. Right off SR-51 & I-17 on the corner of Bethany Home Rd. & 19th Ave. I've been bowling here for about 5 years now on the Monday night league team. I love everyone that works there, especially John, he's always very friendly and will help you figure everything out if you ever have any questions.
I've been eating here for 22 years so that should say enough. Best pizza, try the Ellen, to DIE for! I love the vibe here, small, friendly and the kitchen is spotless.
I have been coming to see Yadira for the past few years for facials, waxing, permanent and regular makeup artistry. If Yadira isnt doing your eyebrows you are missing out! She is the only person I let touch my eyebrows. She is the most fabulous and in demand permanent makeup/regular makeup artist. She is a waxing pro and will make your eyebrows look perfect. My eyebrows were way overplucked and she fixed them and made them the way they should have always been. Her hairstroke permanent makeup technique is flawless and looks very natural. I also have permanent winged eyeliner which I love, and saves me so much time getting ready in the morning. My eyelash extensions are on point and look amazing. I dont wear much eye makeup because, now I dont need it with my full and glamourous lashes. An appointment is recommended, but she will fit you in as a walk-in. Yadira is in high demand and usually very busy, especially on the weekends. She does beautiful bridal and quince makeup. I have her do my makeup for all my black tie and special events. Do yourself a favor and go see the awesome Yadira for the best work and best prices!
I have been going to this Ace Hardware for 20 years now. Always a good place to go for all your needs with your house. They everything in every dept. that you can use to help you build, repair and fix. Love to go here for keys to be cut. Great customer service. Plus they always have seasonal things for holidays as well. Lots of parking in the lot.
Great food and prices. Far better pricing and speed than down the street at La Familia which is basically now a loud obnoxious bar, with Mexican food on the side sadly. Federico's has a lot of daily specials. Check their website for coupons, specials, menus, prices. Monday AND Tuesday is 99 Cent Tacos (reg. $2.09+) and $1.99 burritos (reg. $3). they have a nice little salsa bar, but also have red radishes sliced up, jalepenos, onions/jalepenos julienned. And they don't ration your salsa or charge extra for to go salsa like La Familia does. I often find that going inside is quicker than the drive through. Not sure why. I think everything is made to order, so if someone gets something unusual in the drive thru, it holds up the line. I wish this was close to my work, I'd go there a lot more. Great combo specials, and very good prices. I like the atmosphere inside, TV in there.
Best chimichanga and cheese crisps on the planet! Has been my favorite 'go-to' Mexican since 1972! Same family owners! Consistant and good! Great Margaritas, too!
Asbury United Methodist is a place for all! The congregation is welcoming, diverse in age, race and sexual orientation. Pastor Jeff is a warm person who is real, down-to-earth, and you know that he is passionate about his ministry for the community. They are social justice minded and teach what true love and compassion (real messege of the Bible) is about. If you stopped going to church due to being tainted with hypocritical, conservative, and narrow-minded theology, then go to Asbury where you will be refreshed and feel accepted. The only difference I have is the style of service, which is not the preferred contemporary worship that I prefer; however, everyone varies when it comes to worship style and I have grown to like it.
I used to work at this place a long time ago, and went back recently. The food is as good as ever, the service is fantastic, the prices are reasonable, and the owner is hot. What more could you want? I highly recommend the turkey, the prime rib, and the spareribs. i'm not a rib eater, and the spare ribs are the best I've ever had...you won't be sorry, I promise!
I come here ever time I get my oil changed across the street. They are always very nice. The food is good, and prices aren't bad.
I was given a recommendation for Dr. McRunels by a friend's sister, and she had nothing but great things to say about him, so I booked an appointment for my husband and went with him on his first visit. The small office is just a few blocks from our home, so the convenience can't be beat. All of the staff is friendly and welcoming, which is a quality I value in a medical office. From the start, Dr. McRunels made us feel at ease. He's friendly, funny, down-to-earth, and really knowledgeable. He asked all the right questions, didn't talk down to us, and took plenty of time to chat with us, both about medical issues and stuff in general. In the year we've been seeing him, Dr. McRunels has been an excellent physician and we feel lucky to be under his care. It's rare these days to find someone like him, but we're glad we did.
Charley's has great subs. Cost a bit more than Subway but they are so good. They offer regular fries or you can get them with bacon and cheese. Service is great. Their is only 7 tables so hopefully you get lucky enough to sit down.
I've had the good fortune of being at a few events that Sharko's catered and I found the food to be amazing both times. The servers were very professional and everything was perfect. The chicken OMG, the ribs were so good, if I was alone I would have wiped out the entire tray of them! I am not in need of catering usually, but there is only one place I would consider calling and thats Sharko's!
I have to come to understand and accept that I am probably the reason restaurateurs hate yelpers. I just have no appreciation for atmosphere. I know this because during my 12-day stay in the Bay area, the word had to be repeatedly hammered into my brain, as the natives could not understand how I could merely judge a restaurant's merit based solely on their cuisine. Eventually they wrote me off as a lost cause, chalking up my dis-appreciation of fine decor and tacky acoustic music as a symptom of being Phoenician. For a while I was confused. I didn't know what was wrong with me. Was I just impossible to please? Had I no taste for aesthetics? Oh shit, I have no aesthetic sensibility. I'm an art major. What does that mean for me? All I have is a clock radio. Who am I Mommy? I was beginning to have some serious doubts about my aptitude for critique. Sweet Zombie Jesus. Maybe I didn't know what I was talking about all this time. After all, Angie and Jimmie's is as far from atmosphere as you could be. Like, as far as John Cage is from actual music, or Miley Cyrus from being talented. Fun Fact: While in San Carlos we saw a guy parked underneath a Miley Cyrus billboard giving himself some of the old "self-service at the pump". True story. There are no polished tables and cushy chairs at A&J's. No, instead they have those all-plastic all-purpose chairs that last you years and years sitting in your backyard until you invite that one plus-sized friend of yours who sits in it and bends it in such a way that is is never usable again. And there is no ambient music. Only the sounds of the arcade machines and the TV, which no matter what time of day is always playing a crime drama. Or a Billy Mays infomercial. "HI BILLY MAYS HERE BUY SOME FUCKING OXI-CLEAN OR I'LL SHOVE SOME MIGHTY PUTTY UP YOUR ASS WHILE I BANG YOUR WIFE!" The staff at A&J care as much about presentation as Fred Phelps does about receiving a box set of "The L Word" for Christmas. Their wings are not soaked in the sauce (BBW calls the process "spinning") like at other joints. No, the wings are cooked, and then, the sauce is poured over them. At first you're like "this is fucking shady, I am not pleased with this", but when you can actually taste the chicken, and dont' have to ask for like fifty extra napkins, you find you might actually walk away from the table with some dignity. Try saying the same thing after paying 9 bucks for half a sandwich while ten pounds of bitch in a five pound bag asks you if you have room for dessert. The subs are meaty and quite sustaining. So I've heard. I have a rule about ordering shit that isn't on the sign. I've never ordered a cheeseburger at Del Taco or chicken nuggets at a Red Lobster, and here I am, still alive and kicking. The system works. The pizza is simply fucking fabulous. It's crispy but never crunchy, hot but never molten, and cheesy but never "hey, how long are you going to be on the toilet? I need to take a shower" cheesy. Honestly, the only pizza I've had in Phoenix that even compares to it is Pizza A Metro...which is another small independently owned pizza shop crammed next to a Circle K... ... Maybe it isn't me. Maybe it's just Phoenix. Or just the west side of it. Everything's backwards here. It's like Bizarro world. All the best food is located in these hole-in-the-walls, where the decor is haphazard the menus have to be laminated because people are always spilling shit on them. There's still a pretty good chance that I'm a tasteless Philistine, but we're in Bizarro World and that makes me a learned connoisseur of wealth and taste. I fucking love it here.
I've lived here for 18 years never heard of this place. Great NY style pizza. Kinda like NYPD pizza on a good day. Very different style crust. Solid place. Go.
I can't even tell you how much I love @BillJohnsonsAZ! I have been going there since I was knee-high to a grasshopper, and they have never disappointed me. Pulled pork, beef brisket, and hot links, is the perfect combination, to get a taste of everything that is wonderful about Big Apple. The atmosphere alone would keep me coming back, time and again; sawdust on the floor, western decor (including miniature covered wagon lamps), and the waiters and waitresses are all packing heat, in the form of a .44 on their hips. Used to be they could draw the guns, but now they're bolted to the holster. Sad reflection on the regression our society has gone through, that a prop must be secured "for the public safety". They have a delicious apple pie dessert, that is properly served with american cheese. I personally prefer it with a scoop of vanilla. And don't think they're only about lunch or dinner; they have a great breakfast menu. They also have M-F 6-11 AM specials, including a homemade cinnamon roll. I have been to Big Apple more times than I can count, and I will return again. And again.
Imagine a petite young girl handling a very large rifle, and you have the sum of my experiences at Shooter's World. I've taken advantage of several of their services including Ladies' Night and the CCW (Carrying Concealed Weapons) class. I really like Ladies Night because it is a cheap way to let off a little steam, if you have the proper anatomy anyways. The range fees and rental fees are waived, so all you have to pay for is ammo. I make my conservative parents proud when I bust a cap in Osama bin Laden's cardboard forehead. The CCW class is very informative, and completely unnecessary now that Senate Bill 1108 is official. The curriculum is really well-rounded; they cover gun maintenance, safety, and laws in other states. I feel a little more comfortable around guns thanks to this class. The staff is very helpful with any questions about firearms. I often feel ignorant because I am usually the only female in the building (unless it's Ladies' Night), but the staff makes me feel right at home. My only complaint: I wish they would try to find better looking concealed carrying purses.
Love this place! When I first moved here, I went to Shooters World for my very first shooting experience with my Dad. Neither of us had ever shot handguns so we were both a bit nervous and unsure of what to expect. The guys at the range counter are awesome, they gave us a good idea of what guns to start with and showed us how to operate them. At no point did they come off judgmental or anything, they were there purely just to help out and make sure we had a good experience. Ammunition was reasonably priced, basically what you would pay when you go to Wal-Mart. They had targets, ear muffs, glasses, everything one would need for a day of shooting, all available right there. The range was clean and seemed to have enough lanes to accommodate everyone. Additionally we ended up buying handguns from them at another visit. Their employees are all no pressure, not pushy or anything. They had a pretty decent selection of guns including tactical, hunting, and pistols of all types. They helped us make a good informed decision, and even let us take a rental of the same gun and shoot it at no charge so we could make sure it was the right gun for us. Bottom line, if you are new to shooting and are not sure how to go about it, or if you are a seasoned veteran and you want a good range to go to, this is the right place to be.
Yes, we shot our brains out. We tried 3 different guns and had fun with all of them. The people that work there are very knowledgeable willing to help which I appreciated since we are novice shooters. They also have a great selection of guns for sale as well as gear and equipment. Going to shoot for the first time can be a bit intimidating especially if you don't know what questions to ask. I have been shooting shotguns for a few years now and am just getting into hand guns. I don't know what I'm doing yet so I really like that they have every class you could want to learn what to do. Everything from CCW classes to how to fight in the dark. Love this place and would recommend it to anyone.
Very good service and food. Very clean inside. Was greeted with a smile. Food came out hot and in a timely fashion.
Wow, what's this place doing without any reviews? I've been shopping at Harbor Freight since it was one store in Camarillo, CA, selling distressed stuff from the docks. Now they have hundreds of stores nationwide, & I think every Yelpite everywhere, including Phoenix, should be shopping here if you ever do anything mechanical with your hands! What you get at Harbor Freight is Chineseish but usually high quality hardware & tools. You pay anywhere from the same price as Lowe's etc. down to 1/4 the price or less! Here are a couple of examples from my recent shopping: 3" standard size electric belt sander: Lowe's cheapest similar tool: $49.97 Harbor Freight Tools price for the same thing: $29.99! 10-Piece 3/8" Drive Socket Set (SAE or Metric). Lowe's: $22.96 Harbor Freight Tools price for the same thing except super high quality: $7.99! 5x8 Utility Trailer with 12" wheels. Home Depot: $2195. Similar Harbor Freight Tools chassis (build up your own sides): $275! You get the idea. If you like saving money, I suggest making this your first stop for anything they carry! Also, you can ask to be put on their mailing list for regular super specials. So where's the fifth star? They can be very busy at times, & operate with a minimum of staff, so you're somewhat on your own. I provide my own help & leave with great buys every time I shop at Harbor Freight Tools!
Fantastic food - be sure to order Honk Kong Style Noodles ( pick desired protein ). The dim sum is all great. For dessert? The flowing sand buns are hot, sweet, and better than almost anywhere else. Parking is easy, but on Saturdays be sure to get there early. It fills up fast and by noon the wait can be long. ( but worth it!) FYI - very kid friendly. There are nice aquariums filled with fish, lobster, crabs, and clams.
I can't believe no one has reviewed this place yet! They made a sad situation more bearable. I took my little Kevin who was only a few weeks old to be cremated. When I got there they ask questions about her and were very engaging and sympathetic. They said it could take 5 days to get her back, but I was able to go collect her in less than 2 hours! Yesterday I got a card in the mail stating they were sorry for our loss. The really nice touch was it was hand written and they called Kevin by name, very personal. I am getting all choked up right now.
I had Shasta come out for a repair and they were great! Was able to get scheduled pretty quick and the customer service was great!
I worked with this location to rent a unit for a customer and the service was always outstanding. I look forward to working with them again!
I just got married on April 28. My husband and I decided to do an eco-kosher, green wedding. Therefore, we decided to use local sustainable plants, rather than flowers. I really wanted succulent bouquets, but was too intimidated to do them myself. Therefore, I contacted Tony about three weeks before my wedding to ask if he would do them. He was very nice on the phone and just asked that I bring the materials that I wanted him to use. He just charged for labor since I had already purchased the succulents at Costco and ribbon at Michaels. He ended up making two bouquets, two corsages, and four boutineers. Everything turned out exactly as I had wanted, and Tony was very reliable (everything arrived exactly on time for pictures as I had requested). I was impressed by the customer service, by the quality of the work, and by the reasonable prices. I would recommend PJ's flowers to anyone -- especially someone looking for a personalized project.
This place is amazing! The bouquets and all the arrangements they put together for our wedding were perfect! They were beyond beautiful. They definitely went above and beyond my expectations. We can't thank u enough for helping make our special day absolutely wonderful!
They ae a small familyish shop. They manufacture shirts, bags, target stands etc. See their web site for more information. http://thewilderness.com/ I've been going there for several years now and have the utmost respect for them and they really do stand behind their products.
This place has great lunch specials and a wide variety of food options for those who for some reason don't like Greek food/ gyro. Since I love gyro, that's what I order everytime I go but since it is always so good, it is hard to order anything else! The food is always hot and fresh. It is also made quickly enough so I can easily eat during my one hour lunch break. Another plus is that with the lunch special, there is the option of selecting a Greek salad or fries!
Fresh, with great soups and breads at an excellent price. If you need to have a quick lunch, this is the place. Lots of healthy options here.
This location is just down the street from where I work, so it's perfect for me to get in and out of in a jiffy. Very friendly crew here. They work hard and fast to get customers their food in a timely manner. My food was so delicious and fresh! I know I will definitely be back there for lunch and since they also serve breakfast, I will try that as well.
I love this fuddruckers. I drive all the way from 75th avenue and cactus to go to this location. I hate the one by my house. Which is why I come here! All the employees are helpful and nice , always a smiling face when I'm there. Plus there are good times and memories I've had there that I won't ever be able to forget. I love this place.
I found the food excellent, but keep in mind this isn't typically Mexican food this is Tex-Mex which is a whole different variety. Our waitress was fantastic, and talked me into getting the melted cheese on the side. It was quite tasty, indeed it has a bit of skin but generally if you cook cheese or milk included products into a liquid quickly it does get one..and personally I didn't haven't issue about it. The menu isn't extensive, it would be nice to have a bigger menu but with how accommodating the are, you could probably something off the wall and they'd be willing to do it. I ordered the bean and cheese burrito, which is delicious, and large. Its a fatty, and I loved it. When asked if they cook with lard the hostess had an immediate answer and listed what they used to cook everything with. I was so happy. Most have no idea, and aren't very polite if you ask. She was very friendly like everyone else we encountered there. I was told that the Steak was perfect, and mr.hard-to-please was filled up (had left overs) and stayed that way the rest of the night. Which was great. The salsa has an interesting flavor, and I must I dig it. I"m not a big fan of mexican rice so I didn't partake in eating it, however the fan of mexican rice at the table liked it, (but not as much as the fajitas) Conclusion - Excellent Staff, Great Food (Its Tex-Mex..not just Mex so bare that in mind. There is a difference!) Atmosphere reminds me of some place that would be placed in a Tarantino film. Price is average sit down if not a little high. Expect 2 people = over 30 dollars.
I've driven past this place a hundred times, and never gave it a try because I thought it was just another chain. When it was featured on "Check Please," the fam and I decided to go there. Boy am I glad we did. The tortillas are what make this place. They are melt-in-your-mouth wonderful (they make them on the premises, and you can even watch them if you're bored!). We had the Cadillac fajitas, which were dynamite. I don't think I can ever order fajitas again at another place, simply because these tortillas were, if I can mention again, fantastic. For dessert, we split the apple pie. It came on a skillet WITH SIZZLING BUTTER ON THE BOTTOM. Sizzling. Butter. Stick a fork in me. I'm done.
To have the ability to accommodate a 35 person reservation on a Friday evening is to go above and beyond in their ability to provide good service. We had 2 servers who worked VERY hard to keep our drinks full. Our food was served hot, on time, and the could not have been better. Our fajitas were DELISH--to the point where all of our first timers in the group said they will DEFINITELY be back. Thank you Fajitas for going above and beyond!
Okay, people, you have to order fajitas at Fajitas! It's seems like most people who have given this place bad reviews didn't try the signature dish. Our favorite is the shrimp fajitas and a small order of queso. I always ask for the onions well done because Otherwise they are mostly raw. My husband's family has been coming here for years and we continue to come a couple times a month. Jamie is an exceptional server and remembers everyone and what their order is. And we love the tortillas! Always freshly made and they're definitely not stingy with them!
Come here almost every weekend. Always good to fair service. Everytime has been a great experience. Food is always fast and cooked properly. They always strive to make your meal one to remember and to keep you coming back! Any errors they will correct with no questions. I ordered the seared ahi this time and the order came out looking like a half order. The waitress had the manager bring out another free order that was double in size. Not expected and I even told her it was unnecessary but they insisted.
Friendly fast service, clean, and a good variety on the menu. My favorite was that mixed greens is standard with your omelet, and your own pot if coffee....AWESOME! Highly recommend this place! Also quick and easy to get to off of I17!
Feri does excellent work. We came with a tight deadline to alter a very expensive bridal gown. Feri did the work was as a top priority, done with a smile and the outcome was perfect. My daughter is short and the dress required hemming all around. The neckline was changed from staps to a halter. Beautiful work, kind and integrity. You will not be disappointed
6 hours later, I still taste the cheesesteak. That's not nearly as bad as it sounds. I had some trepidation about trying it with whiz (white american being my choice), but it turned out to be surprising mild and did not interfere at all with the awesomeness that was the meat and grilled onion taste. Probably better than any cheesesteak I've had since leaving the east coast. The fries, very thick cut and skin on are good, but could use a tiny amount of seasoning. The roll, while soft, was basically an afterthought for me. It did fine to sop up some of the grease. I understand their burgers are top notch as well, but the cheesesteak was so good I'm going to have trouble breaking away and trying something else. Perhaps one day I'll starve myself and drive over with a bottle of Lipitor and have at it.
They tried to kill me, and I love them for it. When a company posts a wing challenge usually covertly by using terms fire, insanity,suicide or death wings I have to try it.Nearly every place using those terms in the valley are liars. If it's a chain restaurant Suicide wings = a penguin's dangly bits. I am one of those idiots that frequents hot-sauce forums, sites and other places where my legal high can be obtained or discussed with those similarly afflicted so I took them up on the $15 challenge to eat 10 in 10 minutes, prize for 2 hours of speaking in tongues and humming a Johnny Cash tune? Picture on wall and T-shirt plus not having to do it again:) The wings are caked in a habanero reduction that is more a volume of heat eaten rather than insanely hot. Try it.It's awesome way to spend 20-30 minutes:D Thankfully they have more affordable, livable, Zombie wings for those times you have enough T Shirts in your wardrobe but still need that kick. Their Hellzapoppin burger is rather good too. Nice people,been in several times and orders have been quick, hot, correct and the food is a great value for money. 5/5 purely on heat 4/5 on food..5/5 value So 4.7 stars rounded up:)
Get the steakenmonster. Not sure if it's still on the menu, but it's one pound of ribeye as a cheesesteak. Super tasty for leftovers. Good pizza. Good bar food appetizers and wings. The best deal here is the draught beer. $6 for a 64 ounce pitcher of B or BL is the best deal around.
Love going to this irish pub with friends and kicking back a couple of beers. Bartenders are always nice and polite also. I was also there for a dress up party around Halloween and had a blast!
O'Connor's is a wonderful local Irish bar. The bartenders are all super friendly and make some nice, strong drinks. I echo the comments below on the well poured Guinness, too. They have a great selection on the jukebox and also have a variety of bands that play there. The regulars are cool, too - they make you feel welcome. I make a habit of stopping by whenever I am back in town.
A-freaking-MAZING. I went to high school with the owner's daughter (who now runs The Baker's Daughter next door, also fantastic), and this was a regular spot my friends and I would stop at in the morning on the way to school. I have only come to appreciate it more post-high school, and love this place! If I was forced to pick a favorite, I'd have to say the cheese puffs. There is nothing else like them on earth - sweet and the filling is amazing, the puff pastry is divine, oh goodness here I am crying while thinking about a pastry. Really, they are that good. The apple fritters are also fantastic. I know someone who stops here and buys a box of pastries whenever they are having a sales meeting or anything else at work, because seriously, NO ONE can be in a bad mood after eating ANYTHING from here and they pretty much worship the ground you walk on after you give them any of the sweet perfections from this bakery.
Im a fan. Been to this location only a few times but always good. Never tried the egg rolla or crab puffs so cant comment but love love love the spicy veggie bowl. For a fast food stir fry/teriaki place this is where id choose...well here or kyoto bowl but sams has more locations
Yay! I've found my car repair shop! I wish all car repair shops were this honest. 6 months ago, I took my car to a shop that insisted I NEEDED $3000 in repairs. Given that my car is 10 years old, I declined. Well, I started having car issues. With the car struggling to turn over/start and the AC only blowing hot air, I figured it was the beginning of the end for my little Corolla. What I feared would be a major repair job, turned out to be a minor battery issue. As it turns out, all I really needed was a new battery. The new battery fixed the start up problems AND the AC issue. Auto Air & Electric could have easily sold me on some fancy-pants AC tune-up package and I never would have known the difference, but they didn't. Since I was there, I went ahead had a few other services completed as well. The service was great; my car was up and running with COLD AC and I was on my way within 3 hours. The people were super down to earth and the pricing was absolutely fair. I actually ended up paying a little less than they estimated. This is the type of shop you don't see much of anymore. Thanks for the great service!
Best service in phoenix on top of a awesome cut with old school quality! Thank you Frank Cash only
I have to agree, maybe new management...but order was 100% correct, man at window was very nice. Why would anyone keep going back for years, if it is so bad?? I hope they get some more high stars to help their overall rating. We will definately be back.
We love us some Mr. Goodcents! Everyone who works there is incredibly friendly and welcoming. I am obsessed with the razor-thin onions they put on the sandwiches. Everything is cut fresh and to order. Unlike Subway, their bread tastes freshly baked and is very soft. If we have a hankering for a sub, you better believe we'll be heading for this place!
The best orange chicken I've had since moving to Phoenix. I haven't experimented much with the rest of the menu but that's only because the orange chicken is so good. *edit* Sadly, it has closed down.
Place alwyas seems busy - but we never spend too much time here - whether we are buying tires or getting a flat fixed. I went in the other day with a 2-headed screwdriver sticking out of the sidewall. Even with 3 or 4 other customers ahead of me - we were all out of there in under 30 mins. Discount put a new tire on, with no problems. The road hazard warranty saved us some $$ that day! Totally worth the money upfront.
Close to work, usually a solid family Diner Location. People have a Variation of Personality Disorder. And tonights Fresh Sewer Smell was a Little Over the top! And the girl with the pink hair and double lip Piercing was as Clueless as they come. ..... This has been a hell day.....And I am OUT!
I'm sure many of you are thinking 5 stars, she has lost her mind! However, I have to admit my favorite 'pick me up' food is a Jumbo jack with cheese with curly fries and an oreo shake. i went this past Sunday, and I on this particular day I opted for an iced coffee instead of the shake, and the food was served fast and fresh with friendly service. Nothing exceptional, but it satisfied me. So why the 5 stars? This is particular location is in a 'sketchy' area, (19th Ave/Bell) and I have to say the manager was dealing with some very 'ghetto' patrons, they said everthing on their order was wrong; they asked for extra cheese, lettuce and tomatoes and the manager had to put more in the bag. The customers made comments about how they always get it wrong. Let's face it, Fast Food restaurants charge for everything - these folks were clearly giving the manager a hard time and trying to get stuff for free and the manager served them what they needed with a smile. I had to wait while a little bit while she took care of them, but I give this gal a lot of respect for serving me with same smile and professionalism. And when they left, she didn't roll her eyes and say anything negative, she just took care of me.
We finally found THE "Berto's" place for us in this neck of the woods (although it's technically not a Berto's... whatever...) Doesn't look like much on the outside, but the semi-crappy exterior usually speaks volumes about the food (in a good way)... there's something a little unsettling about a bright and friendly looking Berto's. ANYWAYS we went to this place last night. They had a lot of stuff on their menu that isn't on some other "Berto's" menus... like the 5 rolled taco supreme that my fiance got... rolled tacos, covered in everything that comes on super nachos (carne, sour cream, cheese, salsa... OH MY) - awesome. I got the bean and cheese burrito, which was also delicious. We'll definitely be back!
I will have to disagree with any negativity twards this bar. I have been drinking here since...well...I was old enough! 1. I LOVE it because it's like a Cheers feel and the owner and staff dont put up with loud obnoxious assholes in here! It's nice, cozy, fun, clean, relaxing and has a mature setting! 2. YES the owner has a EXTRAORDINARILY WELL TRAINED shepherd who serves as the "bouncer" I like to think. I feel safe there knowing you most likely wont be harrassed or attacked by some punk there. 3. IT IS ALWAYS IMPECCABLY CLEAN when I am there. Must be the great staff once again. Prices are not high and you get more than you pay for all around. BOTTOM LINE: I like it and if you rather not go to a loud club or Old Town and watch a bunch of college kids make ass-hats out of themselves, THEN THIS IS YOUR PLACE! (NO I do NOT work here and NO I was not paid to write this. Maybe I should work there lol)
Been ordering from Sardella's for years. Long before yelp was but a whisper. Great pizza and wings. I think I have only been let down once, but I even question my memory on that. Everything always arrives hot when I order delivery.
This place is the best. Very clean work. Trust worthy and professional.
For a Saturday night the wait was short even though the place was full. The food was good and plentiful. I had the Tilapia Veracruz & shrimp, in came with rice and green beans. Taste blended in together great, that and a couple of beers....
Carmen is a very good mechanic who will not rip you off. He treats you like family. Fair and honest.
This is a great breakfast stop! Gotta love the homemade biscuits... are you kidding me! Awesome! CB is a huge chain but they do some great things. The only thing is the way they have designed the space the servers are in the back a lot... too much. They need to be on the floor more to make sure the cups stay filled up!
Had breakfast there this morning and really enjoyed it. Great food, but a little hard to find.
Everything I try here is delicious. The egg fu young is the best I have had in comparison to other restaurants. Customer service is always great here
GREAT PROVIDER OF COMMUNICATIONS! :) And they accept credit cards, yelp asks that and they deliver!
Ahhhhhhh-mazing!!!!!! We had sliding shelves installed in our kitchen as well as in-cabinet garbage cans. I lost one cabinet for the trash, but still netted out 2 extra cabinets of space. I love that with the pull of a shelf, I can see what I have at a glance. The salesman is also your installer, so there are no "translation" issues. I couldn't be happier and cannot wait to do our bathrooms next!
I raised two boys the both Dr. D's and they have been a lifeline for our family. My oldest is 20 and now in college and my baby will graduate from high school soon. Both boys have seen these docs since the day they were born. I could not have done this without their support and hand holding. They are the best!
I have always loved this place. Good Food, fair price, and typically a couple of cute girls working there. All around good place.. its a go to .
Could not be happier - friend recommended they came out the same day (its 108 degree day) found the problem fixed the problem cleaned out the units and showed me where previous company had failed.... HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
This place is so good I have never had bad food or service. The owner Kevin makes sure you leave happy. The pizza and wings are the best any were.
I've been using Zina to clean our carpets for over 20 years. She is prompt and professional. You will be happy with her work - as will your carpets.
It's been just about a year since my original posting and I maintained continual, monthly service with MoH, mostly because I couldn't live without them! Well I could, but it wouldn't be nearly as stress-free. Sadly I just had to move out of state and Cathy pointed out that I couldn't put Latasha and her team in my suitcase! So, I leave them to you and assure you that you will be in good hands. They took excellent care of my home. They were always willing to work with MY schedule when any sort of conflict came up. And as they took care of my final move-out cleaning, they found a picture I'd left behind and picked up the phone to call and tell me so I wouldn't lose it. This is a well run business that will earn your trust and before you know it, you won't want to live without them!
Just took my two sons and their friends today...too much fun! Great multilevel maze with lots of hiding spots to camp and snipe...just like a live action Halo game!
I purchased a firearm from this store. Great prices and friendly service. I will be a repeat customer. I like supporting small business like this. They are the backbone of America.
Love love the quick repairs and great service. Chris is our neighbor and has even helped us with our "off-road" stroller when the quick clamp on the front wheel broke on trail 100 at North Mountain! Thanks again!
Chris came by the house and tuned up both our mountain bikes, and did an exceptional job. You can tell he loves what he does and has an eye for details. I've had my bike tuned up at other shops in the past and none have taken as much care as the bike doctor did. Two thumbs up from me. Now to hit the trails!!
This is a great shop. Very clean and welcoming. Dana did both of my tragus piercings and has a great "bedside manner". He gave me all the information I could possibly need to make an informed decision. He is also quick and precise in his work. Both piercings were over before I knew it, and I hardly felt anything. I later had some difficulty with healing due to my choice of jewelry (rings), which is apparently pretty common, and Dana was more than happy to advise me over the phone on what to do next. I came in and had him put short barbells in my ears instead of the rings. My ears are very happy now! I would also like to mention that my boyfriend has a larger-than-usual size septum piercing (3/4") for which he usually needs custom jewelry ordered. Dana (and the other staff) have always been very helpful to us when we go in and need something ordered, have questions about items in the case, or ask for recommendations. You could definitely find piercing and body jewelry cheaper elsewhere, but you will most likely not be getting this quality of merchandise and service. I would definitely go back and would recommend this shop to others.
Yum! Whenever I forget to pack a lunch, I always head to Samurai Sam's. They have quite a few options that include rice, noodles, etc. You can even have your lunch in a wrap. I always get the large riceless bowl with spicy teriyaki and a side of crab puffs (which are AMAZING!). Delicious, filling lunch for about 450 calories. I definitely recommend this Samurai Sam's location!
This review is lonnnng overdue... My family, friends and I have been shopping at boogie music for years. From my snare drum rental close to 10 years ago to my last pair of drum sticks I purchased a week ago, boogie music has been great. The owner is usually there and has always came by himself to say hi or ask if i needed help. I was happy to see them at an outside event as well.. i got to spin their prize wheel and won a $50 gift card! They are very generous with giving back to their customers, matching competitors prices always and just overall providing great service. Their pricing is usually always less than the competition even though they are a smaller "local" type shop. Great selection. Everything you could need. And if something additional is wanted, ask them - they'll be happy to accommodate your needs. Keep up the great work
Lenny's is a west valley legend. I think most locations are independently owned but they seem to have the same food. If you are in the mood for a great, greasy burger this is the place to go. There isn't a burger in town that can come close to Lenny's!
Best burger joint in the valley IMHO. Really, every time I go here I am reminded what attentive service, great ingredients, and craftsmanship can go into a burger. This place is small, very small. The line will flow out of the building often, but that's with only 4 people in line. It's not fancy in any way, and they don't serve beer, but that's is appeal. It's a place to get a burger and sit out on your tailgate and munch down while talking with friends. Because the place is so small, you get to watch the same, I think two, guys make up your masterpiece and having gone enough to kinda know the flow, it's really neat. They can fill up fast, but you never really wait to long for your food. Portions of toppings, generous to say the least. Some times I would swear there is more bacon then burger sometimes and that's not due to a lack of burger. The sauces are poured on heavy but never seam to leak, and everything fried (Fries, onion rings, etc) are as generous in portion as in deliciousness. And there are like 4 different hot sauces you can get for the fries including the best, mango habanero. Eat here now. Dooooo it....
Favorite hole in the wall for burgers and fries. Never had a bad meal there. Perhaps a little pricey but worth it to me anyway.
I work near here, so even though I live down the street from Bass Pro Shop, I still come here where they know their stuff! I can get better deals and find hard to find items.
I have been a patient at Kimel Chiropractic for 6 years and can't say enough about the care I have received. I have had several surgeries and procedures for various female and stomach problems, all of which were never conclusive or able to be fixed without heavy medication. After starting my care at Kimel Chiropractic I live a completely different life, which is not dependent on medication and actually feeling healthy! I am no longer burdened with constant pain or problems! I recommend Kimel Chiropractic for your entire family, my husband, and 2 year old and I couldn't be happier or feel better!
I have been going to Kimel Chiropractic for 16 years. They are a great, family-owned business who actually cares about my health and well-being! They've helped me through many back issues I had in high-school from being an athlete, a car accident I had in college, and they've been with me during two of my pregnancies helping my body stay aligned and adjust to the changes taking place. My husband, two kids (ages 2 and 6) and I go there at least twice per month to get regular adjustments. We all are much healthier since we've been going to them on a regular basis and we feel great!
Ahh Captain Bill's Sub Factory. If you rep the metrocenter area as I have since my birth in 73 then you no doubt have eaten at Captain Bill's. I've been eating subs there for nearly 25 years. This place is a true phoenix landmark. Simply put, I love this place. I love everything about it. Where else can you roll in with 3 bucks and roll out full? I used to ride my skateboard up there in the mid eighties and take the trash out for the many hot chicks both from cortez and moon valley that worked there at the time and they would feed me free subs. Then I would play 720 until they kicked me out. Nothing beats a Captain Bills Italian sub. Nothing. I continued to go there over the years, I got married, I had kids and I took them there. As I sat there this afternoon with my 16 year old son feeling sentimental as the faces of those I knew so long ago stared back up at me from the tables. I vowed to never eat a sub anywhere ever again but at good ole Captain Bill's. As we left my son commented that the chicks were hot. "They always were" I said, "they always were." Thanks Bill.
Cheap and delicious!!!! So flipping good!!
Craig's Custom Upholstery re-upholstered my truck bench seat. They matched the original pattern however upgraded the fabric to leather. They also recovered the sun visors for me. Great workmanship, decent price, and they finished before I expected them to. I will go back!
We overheard a car salesman talking about this restaurant and it just so happened we were hungry for lunch. He gave us directions and off we went on a lucky adventure. It seemed like a run of the mill fast food place but NO it was not. Clean as a whistle and very good service at the counter. I felt like I was in Mexico and so I had to ask a lot of questions. The tortas are amazing, fresh tortas made on premises and flavor of the shredded pork was so good. The Tacos de Ribeye were delicious & my tostada was piled high with fresh avacado with a hint of citrus maybe lime squeezed on top. We also tried the empanadas for dessert...YUM! Don't think Mexican when you go there think "Mexico"...Authentic Mexico! Don't miss the salsa bar and if you can afford the calories have a fresh strawberries and cream milkshake.
Just moved from Ca and must say this place is pretty good.. our server Karen was very friendly.. Ordered our food.. didn't take too long. Overall a pleasant experience :) good price for good food :) and its down the st from us ... def will come back
We just ate a late lunch there. I am a avid taco and bean and cheese burrito fan and I was not dissapointed. I am picky about my beans and they were excellent here. Also had a machaca taco, was really good! There salsa was fresh and homemade, hot sauce was good too. Guacamole great. My husband had a carne asada taco, a fish taco and rice and beans and he loved them. Plates were very large and we brought some home. Sister in Laws had carnitas with rice and beans and flour tortillas and said it was excellent. Father in law had beef enchilada and rice and beans and almost licked his plate! Really good for him as he is almost 91! All in all was very very good. Try it, don't think you will be dissapointed.
By far the best Mexican Food in Phoenix! I love everything about this place!
Best Mexican food in AZ!!!! We drive from Gilbert for this stuff! We usually get the chicken chimichanga and tacos. Always great food!
Wonderful dinner....share a dish unless you like a lot of take-home...it's not in the best of neighborhoods...but if you are in the area,eat here...very nice service and friendly wait-people
I absolutely love Dr. LaBranche I have been her patient since 2005 and couldn't see myself with anyone else. She is a specialist so her prices are higher but she is well worth it. I have 3 children and she has delivered 2 and we are now working on our 4th. The office staff is very friendly. This is not an office where you would find 5 doctors and never know which one you will have. There is 1 doctor 1 M.A. And 2 ladies up front. Sometimes the doc will be called in for a delivery or c-sec and I have to reschedule my appt. but I don't mind it just shows that if I have a problem she will be there for me. And she is right next door to the hospital which is awesome.
Stumbled on this place on the way home to LA. Just saw the sign decided to give it a try. Was very pleasantly surprised at how very good the food was. Service was excellent. Would've liked to try the beer but was driving. Had a 10 oz ribeye which was done perfectly. Sweet potato was great. Rolls were delicious. Other person's chicken sandwich (road kill? Not sure of the name) Was excellent. Moist and flavorful. Another's pulled pork sandwich was one of the best. The restaurant is great value. Will try to hit others if I see them. Could do without the country music but heck, if you go to a restaurant called Texas Roadhouse you'd better be expecting the slightly kitschy decor and country themes. We wanted to take our remaining roll with us on the road and asked for a box. They gave us a box and a whole set of new rolls! Highly recommend this. If I'm in the area, definitely will go back. Hope they bring one to LA with the same quality.
Always friendly & clean
I've been coming to this Ramiro's since the late 90's. I have always had a great experience when it comes to the food, always so fresh tasing!! The staff is always friendly and smiling and their menudo on the weekends is definitely some of the best around. You can really taste the love and care that goes in to all of the food here.
I needed some supplements for my Basenji and called all over town looking for it. NO ONE had it-no one except for Ray's! It was only $13.00 super helpful, super friendly, can't wait to come back and browse. Going to buy my shots here too instead of paying outrageous prices at the vet. Can't say enough good things about these guys.
great place for nails and pedi
i had a leaky a/c hose and squeaky belts. bill replaced the belts, had a new a/c hose made, flushed the system, refilled it with the expensive good stuff, r12, yet only charged me the price of the cheap stuff i suggested -- a $200 discount. and now it blows cooold, not bad for a 20 year old vanagon in phoenix. prior to finding these guys, i had called a slew of other local vw shops, and bill was one of the few willing to do a/c work and clearly knowledgeable on the topic. it was no surprise when i discovered that he has a syncro vanagon himself that wins the local bug-o-ramas (the awards are on the wall). When the work was done, he had me picked up -- a 25 mile round trip for their driver. that's great service. these guys will be my vanagon shop of choice in phoenix. the reviews on http://roadhaus.com/shops.php and google maps echo my sentiments.
These guys are top notch. First, to be clear, I drive a 2006 Jeep Liberty 4x4 NOT. A German car. With that said, I have an awesome (but very rare) European diesel version with a 2.8 liter VMotori turbo diesel. The Jeep dealers hate it because they don't really have any true diesel techs. The big diesel specialists only know Ford, Dodge, and Chevy and don't understand small European diesels. I found these guys on a Jeep CRD forum recommending them for local shop that will do honest, high quality work. (And the owner's wife has the same CRD Jeep as me, so he knows it top to bottom.) There is no one else in the state of Arizona that I trust to work on my little Jeep. End of story. Finding a good, honest, high quality, mechanic that you can trust is like finding a great doctor, lawyer, dentist, or accountant- with Dan and his crew you know your in the hands of a real professional with ethics and who takes pride in their work. And BTW- I make the 40 minute drive from North Scottsdale passing by a hundred mechanics/garages/dealers just to take it to a real pro! Thanks guys!
My family loves this place! Everytime we go our experience has been great!! We get the honey hot wings extra crispy and the kiddies love the jalapeno popper burger! The fries, mozzarella sticks, onion rings, mushrooms & zucchini are all pretty tasty. The place looks ghetto and don't be surprised to get hit up for spare change outside. The booths & chairs are ratchet so we've always took our food to go. What they lack in looks and charm they make up for in taste as far as I'm concerned.
food very good
These guys were all wonderful!! I was really stressed out about my move to Chicago but they made things go extremely easy! From the estimator, to the support staff, the driver, his crew, everyone was completely professional and helpful! My move was even under the amount we budgeted for it!
I stopped at this waffle house it was really good, affordable prices and the waffle was soooo good. I was surprised even the people were ok dint expect this since I was in Arizona, maybe everyone is just happy since the food is so good. Its a small place seems everyone is eating next to each other but you forget it once you get your order. Wish we had them in the LA area as we lack breakfast places that are actualy good.
I have always received excellent service at this Denny's. Food is always prompt, hot and good. I like the new decor.
Patty:Beef Bun:Cheddar Cheese:Pepper Jack Toppings:Sauted Mushrooms :Bacon :Grilled Onions :Bourbon Sauce Sides:French Fries
Stealth Denny's - These 5 stars are Denny's 5 stars. This is as good as a Denny's restaurant gets. Plus the Flying J (recently bought by Pilot) has a bright, sparkly tower of Swarovski and fine Chinese blown glass and crystal Objet d'hearts right at the Denny's entry. This Denny's is huge, tall, well-lit, nicely decorated and seems brand new. Because it serves truckers and travelers, right cooking, all dishes all the time, and good service have been well-taught. If you can ignore the baconalia and cheese-a-thon items, the menu has newer, healthier items added. We've had complicating life issues for 18 months keeping us out late most nights. Denny's is always 24/7, the menu is dependable and affordable. We know Phoenix 24/7 eateries. One other bonus about this roaad-travelers Denny's - that rancid flat -panel webcast perfectly named "The Bite" does not run here. Never forget, a Flying J has fuel plus more items in stock than you'll ever imagine you'll need. This one, being a metro stop is toned down.
I LOOOOOOOVE the staff at the Metro Center Petsmart!!! Especially Kayla in Grooming!!!!! She realllllly loves my dog, takes great care of him, is always happy to see him and does such a great job with him! And Ladmo loves his special girlfriend! When we tell him he is going to go see his grooming girlfriend he gets all sorts of excited! The staff at this store is always friendly and always full of information and readily give my dog attention and pets whenever we are there :)
Thanks guys!!! You did a fantastic job fixing my broken glass on my iPad for a very reasonable price. I'm very happy!!!!!
You MUST try this place. It is wonderful! We shared the zeljanica (spinach spankopita thingy) and the sausage sandwich. Both were amazing. We also had turkish coffee... it blew my mind. I was so pleased by the way it was served. THAT'S how it should be done! I keep meaning to get back soon and savor another turkish coffee and a zeljanica all by myself. Because I don't want to have to share!
The definition of "hidden gem", and its not really that hidden. I have to admit, this little strip looks a little scary. But once you get inside, its a whole other world. The decor is very cool. Its made to look like a little village w/ pieces from Bosnia all over the place. We were seated at a large booth in the back. Our server was wonderful. He was extremely attentive and was more than happy to chat w/ us and answer our questions. The menu is full of very warm, homey food. Sausages, and bread and stew and man, it is cheap! I decided on the stew (and it was not small). It was warm and flavorful and reminded me of something my grandfather would make that his mother would make for him. Lots of tender meat, root veggies and even some cabbage. It came w/ a large warm piece of bread. And im not ashamed to say i used it to clean my plate. It was a good amount of food. For $5.45. Yup, super cheap. Didnt I say that? The really disappointing thing about this place is that we were the only table. Otherwise the restaurant was dead. It made me so sad! Their food is amazing! Go here, and tell your friends to go here too.
We live right down the road from this place and it has quickly become our favorite. This is one of the few places I can eat without waking up puffy the next day. That tells me they are not adding crap additives into their food or over salting. I LOVE the Turkish coffee!
This place's Pastrami is as amazing as anything in NYC. The canoli was also loved my girlfriend.
This is the best Italian store here in AZ!!! It is just like the ones back home in Chicago. Only difference is the one back in Chicago that I used to go to (I think it was Gino's in Norridge...) also made calzones, arancinis, etc in their bakery section. ALL Italian food, fresh made pasta. And the family there that run the place are awesome! It's been a while since I've been there but Robert is so helpful. And they recognize my mom!!! (After spending a couple hunge.) Their cannolis and Italian Cassata cake is amazing, as are the rest!!! If they would make homemade arancinis and fresh calzones they would get 6 stars from me!!! The sandwiches are pretty good, I'm used to more crusty bread like back home. Easy to spend more than you intended, but worth every penny!!
This place was awesome. I use yelp to find most meals while I travel for work. We found this place for lunch while looking for subs. We go so much more. I had the Italian stallion sub and artichoke salad, my buddy had the homemade sausage with peppers and we spilt some prosciutto stuffed peppers. Everything was incredible, fresh and authentic. Check them out. I would love to give a review on the cannoli but I'm taking it to go. They look great tho.
Love this library! I go here almost nightly. There are around 30 computers upstairs for adults, and plenty of computers downstairs for the munchkins in your life. The computer speed is pretty good, and the computers rarely act up. There are tons of books, CDs, DVDs, and magazines you can borrow. And if you forget to return them on time, you don't have to pay your fine at this library until it reaches some stratosphere-level dollar amount. :-) This library is plenty large, with lots of room for browsing and hanging out, with a fun decor. (When you park your car, and are approaching the library, look up. Even the outside matches the kind of funky, futuristic, mod that the inside has.) And if you bring your own laptop, there is comfy seating for you. The librarians and other staff members are very helpful, with Todd and Gary being especially obliging. You don't have to be a Phoenix resident to get a library card here, and you may renew borrowed items on your phone or computer at home, or by calling their renewal phone number (which is on the back of your library card, even the little itty-bitty keyring card). The only minor complaint I have about this library: The noise level gets a bit ridiculous at times, with their attitude being that it isn't 1975 anymore, and library patrons no longer have to be silent. (Okay, I get that, but sometimes it sounds like you're in someone's living room, with personal phone calls being made at full-volume speech, mothers singing songs to their children, and couples using one computer complete with running commentary on the YouTube vid they are watching. I mean, come on!) All in all, I love this library, and recommend you come check it out. Oh, don't come on a Friday - they're closed.
Let me just start by saying a YUM! The burger is flame broiled juicy and seasoned just right. I like mine with crispy bacon and cheese. The cheese is gooey and melted by the delicious greasyness of it all! The fries are fat and go great with the greasy, juicy yummyness! If you want a tasty fat juicy burger go see Lenny! They also have a drive through at this location. Perfect on my way home.
The Cali burgers spot is what me and my friends call this place. Being from California it reminds me of back home. I love this place & the chili cheese fries yum!
I went here yesterday and had a really great experience! I was on a mission to purchase a treadmill. I was over in the section for only a minute or two when Randy, a sales associate approached me and asked if I needed help. I asked him the few questions I had, satisfied with the answers I told him which one I wanted to purchase. He rang me up and sent me on my way to the pick up area. The pick up area is pretty dismal, but Sears goal is to not have you wait. you walk in and scan your receipt under a bar code reader, a monitor displays the progress of your order. In less then 50 seconds (And this is not an exaggeration, as the screen was counting down how long the process would take) Wes was walking through the double doors with my brand new treadmill! He loaded it up in my car and off I went! The whole purchasing process from beginning to end was MAYBE 30 minutes total! Totally great experience!
Thanks Allen for dressing up my fashion challenged boyfriend with the greatest suit last minute. You have a great selection of affordable suits and your service was excellent. We will always go back to suit yourself for his clothes. He received many compliments on his look that evening. You made a silk purse out of a sow's ear.. ..lol.
This place is great! So many options of healthy food I love it! And for the cost of McDonald's! Great spot and highly recommend!!
I always come here because you know what your getting and the service is good, the food has always been fresh.
I got to say this is one of the best visit to the dentist in awhile. Dr. Rao (Tony) and his staffs are very professional and friendly. They made a dental visit a very easy and comfortable one. He knows his craft very well and made a tooth extraction easy and not in such pain that it's unbearable. The price is very good and you'll be in and out of there in no time. Will recommend this to friends and family. Very happy with the result.
Great prices, great selection. I didn't get a chance to look at all of the different sauces and foods - I was too busy deciding which Sake to take home! ;)
For greek food this is the place in Phoenix, If your in a hurry forgetaboutit. No one thats in a hurry or impatient need apply but great food is always worth a wait. Little quaint restaurant with fresh made greek food, the italian is pretty good as well. I crave it all there great homemade bread is amazing I cant get enough. If you love greek food you must try...
Solid Mexican food. Been twice and everyone has really liked their meals. I recommend!
Best (casual) Mexican Restaurant in the Valley. Here are the highlights: 1. Salsa bar during the week 2. On the weekends, the free chips and salsa are accompanied by an AMAZING warm bean dip (praying it's vegetarian... or that I remain ignorant). 3. The spinach enchiladas are so good, it's crazy. Fresh spinach, cheese and a delicious verde sause. 4. The staff is always friendly and efficient. 5. the horchada The only complaint I have is that the restaurant is often filled with families and kids who are messy... but what can you do? It's cheap, friendly and incredibly tasty, so families would be foolish to pass it up. Salud!
Have been to this place on many occasions. The service here is always very good, and the food is really good as well. I would definitely recommend.
Freaking awesome experience! Excellent customer service, how can you beat this place? Pm manager Kelly made sure we enjoyed everything, def recommend, took my 14 year old, 10 year old, and a 3 year old, was something for everyone. Super fresh salad, pizza was so much better then I remember it being years ago. Why are you not bringing your family here already? Seriously, really had a great time. Rianna vilaire.
This is the most authentic bar in Phoenix. If you have to stay in Phoenix for an extended period of time and are wondering why you keep going out and finding every establishment completely vacant after 10pm.....you are not alone. I think all the real working class humans in PHX who arent Scottsdale and Tempe douches come to Metro Sportz. A good mix of Mexican dudes and biker dudes comprise the crowd here. I came here mid-day to watch a big soccer game on TV and another time to watch Ultimate Fighting. During the ultimate fighting event, the bar was SO crowded they ran out of cups and my giant union friends drank DIRECTLY out of beer pitchers. it was AMAZING. once two of my friends sat at the bar and entertained a LINE of men waiting patiently to talk to them. very funny? very cute actually. you can also play pool here aaaannddd once my friend vomited on the floor and no one really cared. impressive. seriously, if you are tired of the lame Phoenix club scene. go to Metro Sportz. not very Phoenix-y.
This is the ONLY car wash I will go to! Every time I leave my car is extremely clean and shiny. First your car is taken through an automatic wash (you can watch from inside the waiting area) and then it is hand dryed by one or two employees. They take their time to make sure it's completely dry and spotless. They will even blow the water out from areas such as between the doors and under the trunk. I have never had a problem with this place and recommend it to everyone. The prices are not bad either! For $6.99 you get the exterior wash (I usually get this one) and for $12.99 you get the basic, where they clean your car's exterior and interior (dusting, etc.). They offer other options too, such as waxing, tire dress, etc, etc. The owner is very polite and I usually see him there, so you can tell he really cares about the work his business does. This place is a little out my way but I will go to this car wash any day over dozens that are closer to my house.
Great staff! Fun stuff! Something new everyday. I highly recommend this place whether you need supplies for the military, love hunting, or need costumes for a play.
WOW! WOW! FANTASTIC! I have lived in Glendale 2 years, and I am so sad that I have not known this place earlier. They make really great side dishes, and they only carry good quality products. I cannot say enough how good they are. And I really like rice cakes and I counldn't find good quality rice cakes for 2 years. But they have it. So HAPPY !!! 5 X 5 Stars !!!!
I would recommend Arizona Chimney Sweep in a heartbeat! I researched many websites for dryer vent cleaning, read reviews on BBB, and finally decided on Arizona chimney. I had 2 townhouses, that needed dryer vent cleaning, and they did a fantastic job.
This is a great gem. A cute little quaint pharmacy. And the staff are very knowledgable and helpful. It's surprising from all the chaos from big chains. Great staff, convenient location, surprisingly calm surrounding. Very nice. Yes I think I shall come back.
I recently moved into another house and I needed a lot of electrical work done since the house was built in 1978. To say the least, I was shocked on how older homes lacked the electrical needs I got used in my past house. I got three different bids and I ended up going with White Sands Electric. I couldn't be happier with the work they have done so far. They are very knowledgeable, professional, and detail oriented. This is the laundry list of things I had them do so far and I have plenty other work for them to do in the near future. I actually kept adding stuff that I wanted done/changed and they were very accommodating. On a side note about contractors in general, I find a lot of them to show up late. For the multiple times I have had White Sands out, they have always been on time. I wish all contractors had this trait or at least would call you if they were running late. If you are looking for a quality electrician in the Valley, look no further. - Redid the electrical wiring after we had 2 interiors walls knocked down and part of the ceiling raised - Installed 2 fan boxes and wired new outlets for the fans - Installed 4 can lights that work off dimmer switches - Redid 4 junction boxes/outlets - Installed and wired a new kitchen light - Wired exhaust fans in the bathrooms - Added 2 new circuits in the garage - Redid the wiring in the bathrooms since we couldn't even power a blow dryer off of the bathroom outlets - Rewired the exterior motion lights - Installed a new outlet for a sprinkler timer - Installed new outlets in my dining room
Just heard about this place last weekend. It is my new favorite addiction! The Only 8 yogurt has only 8 calories per ounce and the flavors I've tasted are yummy. My favorite two, so far, are Oatmeal Cookie and Cookie Batter. I'm working out and losing weight and this place takes care of my sweet tooth without putting me over on my calories. Give it a try!
Desert swirl is the best Desert shop on the Westside. Me and my wife went here over the weekend and it was well worth it. She got mint chocolate chip ice cream and I got a banana split with a ton of different things on it. Out the door it was only $11 so not bad at all. Staff are friendly and the place is clean. Was also happy that I was able to open carry without any weird looks from the staff, but after all this is Arizona so I'm sure it's pretty normal for them. If you are in the area make sure to check this place out!
Oh Cowtown Boots, I love you. You get five stars. You get five stars for no other reason than that you had my red boots, the red boots i couldn't find anywhere around San Francisco (duh, self, did you really think you'd find an extensive selection of cowboy boots in San Francisco??). You get five stars because I couldn't even get those boots through the manufacturer for like a year, no joke. Backordered. You get five stars because you had TWO PAIRS. "Do you have them in a 6 1/2?" "Um... yeah two pairs." Oh that's... wait what? Two pairs! vs. a year! Two pairs wins! F*ck yeah!! You get five stars because you are a boot warehouse... a boot COUNTRY... maybe even a BOOT CONTINENT. You made me want to be a cowgirl. You made me want to be a redneck. You made me want MORE BOOTS (but not your gross cowboy clothes). I'm probably like, the youngest, least conservative person to ever shop there, but YOU HAD MY RED BOOTS. And now IIIII have them. And I am so pleased. And for that you get five stars.
Best drink selection in town and friendly helpful staff. Police get free drinks so the stores have regular drop in security;)
Do not...I repeat DO NOT, go here expecting mexican food....This is not your run of the mills strip mall bertos as it may at first glance appear from the front. I have been meaning to try this resturaunt for some time and finally made the leap; taking my cousin along who has spent a few years in ecuador so I might get some advice on what to order; though it turned out that we ate just about a little of everything so it didn't matter. She jumped around with excitement at all the authentic ecuadorian knick nacks and doo dads decorating the shelves and walls. The flavors of the food were indescribably big and we both jumped aound the plate changing which was our new favorite food based on what we had taken a bit of last. from the Ceviche to the cookies and drinks; nothing disappointed even one bit. This is my new favorite resturaunt, number one reccomendation and the first place I will take any out-of-towners from now on!
What can I say about Mi Cocina Mi Pais. Lets just say looks can be deceiving. For one thing they built a taco bell right in front of this place. I find myself sitting in the restaurant looking at taco bell and wondering why someone would eat there when they could get a nice home cooked meal 20 feet away! Looking at the first photo on yelp of the location you can tell that this is a typical mom and pop strip mall restaurant. Literally though it is a mom and pop place. The son was the waiter the mom was the cook and the dad helps out when he can come in from his other job. The service is kind of slow because of this but look past it your about to get a fresh home cooked meal! The inside has wooden tables and chairs and kind of reminds me of a deli. The food. Well to start out we got two drinks I got one which can only be compared to horchata and she got the Inca soda which tasted like bubble gum so cool! They bring you the best tasting salsa and chips I have ever had a at a South American Restaurant. Our appetizer was a South American Potato Salad. The presentations was awesome on the salad it had three olives some egg and a sauce that had me scraping it off of the dish after we had ate all the potatoes. It was slightly spicy but very light surprisingly and very comforting. For dinner we had the combo plate. It had rice, eggs, beans,steak, avocado ,sausage, pork rind, fried plantains, potato cake,flour cake, and a tomato pepper mixture sauce. OMG the combination was perfect for two of us to share. The beans reminded me of back home when my buddy's dad used to make them on their farm. I could be in heaven eating just the beans and rice. The steak was very tender and flavorful. My palate was left very satisfied. For Authentic South American Food go here. If you want to try something new go here. If you want good ol comfort food go here.
As advertised; real deal Ecuadorian/Peruvian perfection. Can't wait to go back!
I went on a Sunday night just before it was closing around 6:30 pm. My first impression was that the decor and space was lacking but then I tried the food! Everything I tried was amazing and was not greasy at all. I had grilled trout with rice and my boyfriend had an empanada and an arepa. All of the dishes were superb and we will definitely be returning. We both recently moved to the west side for school and this restaurant is by far our favorite on this side of town!
Must be patient..... Restaurant ran by literally two people. Great food worth the wait. Enpanadas, tamales way to go. Their ceviche awesome too.
I love lovelove Chen Wok! Amzing food, and service is fast. I eat there all the timeand they have only messed up my order once, by giving me the wrong kind of rice and had it fixed in a few minutes. There delivery is really fast also. My favorite dish is Sweet and Sour Chicken w white rice.
Cheap. No stadium seating. Nice crowd. Great value. Friendly staff
This is my FAVORITE place to come and hang out with friends. The food is good and the drinks are even better. I have been here on Sunday morning to watch football and almost had a seizure because I don't know which tv to focus on because they have all the games playing on multiple tv's. The watresses seem to always be in a good mood and having a good time. I have some of my best drunk memeories from here (Patron) that I can and can't remember.
Awesome food and friendly staff. This place is PACKED when football is on. It's tucked away in the back of the "mall" parking lot... but its easy to get to and plenty of parking. I like going for the Thursday or Monday night games when its not as crowded.
L E G I T . Legit is my own personal designation for a business that does thing the right, most perfect way. Baker Wee is completely and totally one of these places. My sister-in-law first introduced me to their delicious wares... The cake I first tasted had to be a few days old by the time it got to me, and it was still fantastic. Then my nephew requested his birthday came be from Baker Wee, but we were gonna be outta town... Finally, my wife requested something tasty from Baker Wee for her birthday, and I was in charge of ordering it so I got to experience the FULL EFFECT. Baker Wee is an old-school bakery, but they utilize new school techniques as well. For example, for my wife's Friday Night Lights birthday cake could have had goal posts made of fondant, but instead they used the tried and true pipe cleaner route, which made it that much better, and nostalgic. They have these binders that serve as their portfolio that are chock full of all the awesome stuff they've made through the years. The staff is beyond courteous and super helpful, and they know which of their employees to assign to your project with their respective, particular expertise. When we walked up to the refrigerator case my wife's eyes teared up; she was so happy! The cake (double chocolate with whipped frosting, made up to look like a football field, with "Clear Eyes, Full Hearts, Can't Lose" on the base) was PHENOMENAL. it was so fresh and moist, sweet but not overpowering. Definitely some of the best cake I've ever had the pleasure of tasting. Plus, it was HUGE, like a 3 layer block of cake that would serve 35 people, and it was under $50! It's 5 days since the party and we are still chiseling away at the leftovers... it's gonna be real sad to have to throw it out. If you need a cake made for a special occasion, or just want some delicious brownies, or cookies, or even donuts then you simply MUST check this place out.
"$1.50 cheaper per dozen for the same exact cookies you could buy at the NY Bakery next to Brunk's Auction on Grand Avenue on the West side. Excellent cookies, excellent service. I will be returning here! Yes, I will. I need a little more cellulite on my thighs I guess... PLUS, last time I was there with my son--who someday will be getting married (fingers crossed)--I looked at cakes in general. Their prices for the same wonderful tasting cakes you get anywhere is sooooo much cheaper it was surprising. If I need anything from a cake to cookies, this is the place I am getting it from.
I tried out this bakery for the first time last week. I was in a bind because I wanted a custom cake for my daughter's birthday party and the woman who has done our cakes for us in the past was out of town. I needed a Super Mario Bros. cake with a Princess Daisy crown on the top. I ordered chocolate cake with a chocolate fudge between the layers. After discussing what I wanted with the employee, she put the owner on the phone and I explained it to her. I found a photo of a cake I liked and asked if she could do that and to also create a Princess Daisy crown on the top. I emailed them photos of the cake and of Princess Daisy so they could copy the crown. Let me tell you... the cake turned out beautifully! AND it was delicious, fresh and moist. My daughter and her friends loved it Also, the price of this custom cake was considerably less than what I have paid in the past using someone else. I will definitely be using Baker Wee again.
Thrilled that they carry Zico and GTs Kombucha!
A family owned restaurant that has great prices, great food and a great atmosphere. Someone mentioned that the inside is kinda "meh." But when you go into this place you will understand that it is just a mom and pops place. It has a lot of character and most importantly THEY KEEP IT CLEAN. Their crust is always crunchy and their pizza is fresh. They are kind and love what they do. Try their calazones and their hot sandwiches. To die for. Priced right for lunch or dinner and great to get for sport events at the house.
Just moved here from CA and we were hoping to find a pizza joint in the area that was as awesome as some of the ones back home. Well, this place didn't disappoint! Their pizzas are HUGE. We got the sicilian and it's totally enough for 3-4 people. Crunchy on the bottom, soft in the middle, with real pepperoni on top. This place is definitely getting our return business. We can't wait to go back and try everything else! The pizza did take quite a while to get out to us, but that's just because it's fresh. And there's a small arcade!
First time there last night, gotta say I loved it. It's nothing like a Scottsdale bitch bar, it's friendly and relaxed. It's that place you can hit after a hard days work. Completely affordable, my friends and I were shocked at how low our bill was. We've already agreed we'll head there more.
They have recently renovated! I have been going here for years and I consider it the best Chinese place I have found in Phoenix, hands down. I'm excited about the renovation because it's actually very nice to sit down in now. Very clean, consistently good food with great flavor. I never feel bogged down after eating here. The service is very friendly. They have a really nice menu with a ton of different plates that are all under 10$. Most of them start at 6.95 which is dirt cheap for the quality and quantity of the food you get. I love the pork fried rice, Snow pea pork, garlic chicken, chicken and broccoli, kung pao beef/chicken, and crab rangoons. They also have free delivery. Yum!
Fantastic food, quick service and ridiculous portions. This place is absolutely fantastic and worth the drive up from Tempe.
Recently moved to the neighborhood and have been to this place several times now - it's that good! LOVE everything we've tried so far, so much better than other places we've been to, they are very attentive, good service, very friendly and most importantly food is great and served quickly. BEST Chinese food I've had in a long time!
Taylor's Chowder House was established in the early 80's. Since then it has been a very popular spot for many relocated Bostonian's and other Easterners. A Southie ex-bf explained that a Chowder-head is a dolt or a stupid person and that you would have to be a big Chowder-head not to fall head over heals for Taylor's. They are open for lunch and dinner in a very comfortable (albeit a little cheesy) environment for super great prices. All meals start with hot fresh bread from Villa Deli with herbed garlic butter. This stuff Is so amazing that you could rub it all over your body! As you can probably guess, Taylor's is known for their chowder. They make a good Manhattan (tomato based) chowder, but the New England style is what makes my mouth water. It's thick, creamy and stuffed with potatoes, onion and clams. This is the real thing! They have the only selection of fresh shell fish that I know of in the Phoenix area. Clams, mussels, oysters, whatever your preference... they have something for you. The shrimps at Taylor's are from Guyamas, on the Sea of Cortez in Mexico. They are big, flavorful, and fresh. Taylor's offers a large selection of daily specials in addition to their large standard menu. Specials are seasonal, based on what's fresh, but I have NEVER been disappointed. There are weekly specials as well - Smelt Mondays, Kids eat Free Tuesdays and Wednesdays are All You Can Eat Fish and Chips. On Sundays you can do brunch and the Build Your Own Frittata. Most entrees can be prepared to your liking - broiled, blackened, or fried. There are also fried only options for calamari, Alaskan cod, shrimp, oysters or clams (fresh Ipswich belly clams - these are the really meaty ones). The batter on these is crisp and light - it is absolutely excellent and doesn't drip with oil. All entrees are served with your choice of sides, but I would highly recommend the cole slaw (it's great). The have a handful of desserts to choose from, but honestly I have never had enough room to even try one so I can't comment on those. : ) If you are looking for coastal freshness and quality, you may be a bit diappointed, but if you are looking for good seafood in this desert, try out Taylor's - I'm pretty sure you will be impressed. p.s. if you are a yankees fan, leave the your blues at home... this place is redsox all the way! : )
Its Taco Bell! If you have ever been to a Taco bell, you know what you are getting. =)
If you like steak and a nice relaxing atmosphere, this is a great place. I always enjoy the Prime Rib. Always great. I have been to 4 locations. 3 in British Columbia and this one in Phoenix, AZ. Never have been disappointed.
Fantastic crew! I went to the wrong hotel, and the Shuttle guy and front desk were very kind, patient and helpful in figuring out where I was and where I needed to be.
I'm not gay. I love Amsterdam. See what I did there? The ambience and staff at Amsterdam are pretentious-less and anxiety-inhibiting. The drinks are well-mixed and appropriately priced. The bar itself is inspiring and the seating, comfortable.
This place is so hot! Gay - Straight - man - woman - whatever! Dj /Music is always playing what you want to hear and mixes..I hope only happy and friendly people keep going here- its so nice to go to a Martini Bar without the stuck up a-holes crowding the place :)
"The wait is about 3 to 3.5 hours, but can be about 2 to 2.5 for first available" - hostess "Oh Yeah? We'll put our name down and debate" - us Well, we got intrigued by the 3 hour wait for pizza and was curious what the hype was about. Not to mention, our family foodie, db's SIL (Christine T recommended this restaurant. When she has a suggestion, we always listen). I didn't make reservations since I figure "it's a pizza place, why need ressies?" OOPS! My bad! (disclaimer: we had a ressie to Mastro's City Hall that we canceled to eat here instead) We got to Pizzeria Bianco about 5:15P on a Thursday. After putting our names down we had wine, beer and crostini from bar bianco. I was really amazed there weren't any hot heads complaining about the wait. Everyone was pretty chill and mellow. I loved the atmosphere ! The 2.5 hour wait went by pretty fast. Anyways, definitely worth a stop if you have the time in Phoenix. We had the tomato with mozzerlla, basil and olive oil. YUM!!! We had another dish with prosciutto wrapped around cheese on skewers or somehing. It was good, though it was too cheesey for me. We ordered the margherita pizza, but we added garlic and salami (db wanted to add the salami). I just removed the salami, but the pizza was sooooooooooo delish!!! Totally worth the wait, but that's me. Service was spot on! The staff was so friendly and my water always full. I never thought I'd wait 2.5 hours to eat pizza, EVAR. BUT, I'd do it to eat at this place again. :)
I dont care about the wait. It's part of the experience. I have nothing more to say that hasnt already been said. BOTTOM LINE: Show up late, cut the wait!
After having eaten Pizza at the most heralded Pizza joints in the US: A16 (San Francisco), Serious Pie (Seattle) - (see the recent Wine Spectator- June 2008). I'd have to say that Pizzeria Bianco is the winner. But, only barely. The Bianco Pizza was more consistent all the way through. The A16 pizza last time I had it was a little soggy in comparison the Biancos. We didn't do anything correctly for showing up at Biancos. We showed up at 8pm. And, waited for a table for 2.5 hours. It worked out well, because we just went next door and had a few glasses of wine before dinner. This worked out well and waiting isn't a problem (as long as you're with cool people). The wait was surely worth it. Bianco only serves 6 pizzas. Only 2 with red sauce. But, the ingridents used were probably the most selective in Arizona. Think Thomas Keller particularism in Arizona. And, that's very difficult to do in Arizona - b/c the ingredients here inherently suck.
Great experience, long wait but worth it. Killer wine bar next door. Staff is nice, food is awesome...
Best pizza I've had anywhere. Perfect, perfect and I mean perfect crust. Thin, chewy, smoky and sweet. Lots of interesting toppings that center around fresh, local produce. I deeply envy the regulars here.
We got there early, probably an hour and a half before they opened. Thankfully the bar next door opens an hour before. The time went by quickly and luckily we were the last people to be sat when they opened! The food was absolutely delicious! I can't wait to go again!
Great service & food. We got there before 4pm & got a drink from the bar next door and waited til 5 for restaurant to open. At 5, they opened and took first 44 people in to sit down. We sat at the counter. Had Spiedini appetizer, caprese salad, house greens, wise guy & marghuerita pizzas. They gave great Italian bread also. Food and service was excellent! If you want the best in fresh pizza, you have to try this- one of the best ever....their reputation is well deserved! Get there early or you will wait a long time......
Note the first: you will wait, and you will complain, because the wait sucks. Creed the first: your wait shall not influence your rating. Note the second: you will love your pizza and instantly forget your wait. Note the third: there are tables, and a historic plaza, and bars at your service to pass the time. Creed the second: you will drink while you wait, but you will not drink too much. Note the fourth: you didn't come here because it was a pizza place, you came here because it's the best pizza ever.
I absolutely love Pizzeria Bianco! The menu is limited, but it works for me! For appetizers we get the Spiedini, for salad their caprese salad, and Wiseguy pizza! Its all so savory, delicious, overall the best pizza around. Wait time can be lengthy, so good to show up as early as possible, wait at Bar Bianco, where they have amazing wines and snacks, enjoy the bar that is a renovated historic home, its a great experience!
I can't really add much to the hundreds of reviews already on this place other than to reinforce that it is quite the experience to eat at this place! I have been twice over the years and would definitely go back if given the opportunity. Expect to wait!!! Pizzeria Bianco has their system down. They open for dinner only and people get there early (like 2 hours early) and wait in line. When they open the doors, they take you in order. If you are not towards the front of the line, don't think you will get seated first round because this place is SMALL! Your name then gets put on "the list" and you are free to wander about for a couple hours. I have heard of people coming to downtown to watch a baseball game (the stadium is walking distance) and they put their name in at Pizzeria Bianco first, go watch the game, and then make it back in time for the reservation. Genius! Other than the wait, you MUST like THIN CRUST pizza. Chicago style lovers beware. You will not get your usual carb overload here. Sorry. This pizza is made fresh with really fresh ingredients. They don't mess around. And don't think you can order extra pizzas to take home. It's not allowed - at least not when I was there. This of this place similar to the "Soup Nazi" episode of Seinfeld. "No pizza for you!!" I will definitely love to go back if I can find someone willing to wait with me.
I was able to complete the Bianco Trifecta (Pane, Bar, and Pizzeria) in one day and despite having to wait 3 hours to get into Pizzeria Bianco it was totally worth it! This was probably the best pizza I've had outside Naples. WAIT TIME - 3 HOURS: -- AC and I arrived at 4pm on a Saturday afternoon. Bianco opens at 5pm and there was already a good sized line. Bar Bianco next door opens at 4pm, so you could go in and get drinks while you wait in line. Some people even brought lawn chairs like they were out for a tailgate or a picnic. Once the place opened and they started taking names they said it would be a 2 hour wait. -- After wandering around downtown for a while we headed to Bar Bianco for some wine, apps, and a game of chess. An excellent way to pass the time. -- The staff at Bar Bianco came by and told us our table was ready, right about 7pm. 1hr to put our names in + 2 hours to wait = 3 hours total waiting time. FOOD - OUTSTANDING: -- Spiedini, $10 - Italian Fontina wrapped in Prosciutto di Parma, served warm. What a way to start a meal! Served on skewers, this is an amazing appetizer. The cheese was melty without dripping everywhere and the warm prosciutto was excellent. -- Salad, $6 - Local Organic Greens with Red Wine Vinaigrette. Pretty standard, mixed green salad. -- Margherita Pizza, $13 - Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Basil. This is why you come here, and it lived up to expectations. The crust was perfectly chewy with a bit of char and flavor from the brick oven. The crust alone would make a great dish. The tomato sauce had the right amount of tang, wasn't too sweet, and they didn't drench the pizza in sauce. The mozzarella was excellent and the basil was out of this world. Better than anything you could grow in your own garden. -- Salami and Olive Pizza, $16? - Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Salami, and Kalamata Olives. There was no skimping on the toppings here. First class, quality ingredients and plenty of it. If you like cured meats this is the way to go.
We went on a Thursdsy, after having read that it would be the best time. I hadn't been here before, but after reading so many reviews and researching about Bianco, I had a very good idea of what to expect... To those who complain about the wait: that's the allure of it all! I love the fact that Pizzaria Bianco forces you into the European style of dining out. You're supposed to take it slow, have wonderful company with great conversations with people you may or many not know... America has fallen into this instant gratification mode of dining that they don't know how to enjoy dining out the way it was meant to be... Get there at least an hour and half before they open at five. It should place you very close to the first seating, if not, very soon. If you come after they've opened, expect a three hour wait. The list of names fills up fast. They use an honor system so when you get there, ask who had just gotten there before you and see who gets there after you and your group. It's an honor system, so when they are about to open at five, just go find your place in line. During the wait, go next door to the bar because they open at four. Order drinks and enjoy your company. If you're unsure or uneasy, just send a member of your party next door to Bar Bianco for drinks & appetizers. Everything was fresh and delicious. The margherita pizza is the best in my opinion. Five of us, two appetizers, two bottles of wine, five pizzas came out to around 50 dollars a person, including the tip. Not cheap, but then again, not ordinary pizza either. I think it's an awesome place for a date because you have a lot of time to talk and enjoy the food.
Pizza Bianco has the best wood fired pizzas. The wise guy and bianco verde are a great combo. Make sure to add mushrooms to the wise guy for a taste sensation.
We've been dying to visit this place for years! Why did we wait for so long??? On countless occasions, we've heard nightmare stories of waiting in line for three hours or more to be seated for dinner. People seem to rave about the authentic and delicious Italian style pizza. We had to have a two hour lunch break on a weekday. We took a gamble to see if we would be able to be seated within a reasonable amount of time and finally check this place off our list. To our surprise we were seated within 30 minutes and had our food brought out within 15-20 minutes. We had the 'caprese' salad and the biancoverde pizza with prosciutto added and it was INCREDIBLE!!! The salad was fresh and tasty and pizza here reminded us of great pizza in Italy! BEST pizza in the Phoenix metropolitan area! Note worthy food, but probably would not wait 3+ hours for dinner, but this is a wonderful place for lunch--if you have a longer break! Note: The website states, "Reservations accepted for parties of 6-10 when possible."
All I can say is WOW! I've lived in Northern Italy for a year and have been looking for a pizza to compare and have never found one...until now! It is exactly like the pizza in Italy... all the way down to the crispy edges. Too bad I'm not from Phoenix or I'd eat here every day. The place is small and everyone goes there so go early. You will not be disappointed.
I've had pizza in most every major city and in several cities in Italy...this is good. I don't think it's the best in the world like they say....but I was happy and I'd be delighted to eat there every night of my life. I like the set up. It's cute and charming. We were told we would be waiting an hour to sit so we walked next door to the bar they own and enjoyed a drink. Our table was ready within 20 mins and we sat. After ordering 5 pizzas (there was 6 of us) we stopped. Total fan...not the best pizza but damn good pizza. Adorable. Charming. Friendly. Fresh. Yay.
Love the food; awesome bread.
I my goodness this was the best pizza Ive had outside of Rome!!!
LAST WILL AND TESTAMENT OF GRACIE O. I, Gracie O., an adult residing in Phoenix, Arizona, being of sound mind, declare this to be my Last Will and Testament. I revoke all wills and codicils previously. My dying wish is to be cremated in Pizzeria Bianco's sooty wood fire oven. Dalton will drive the hearse. Dave will officiate and say kind words about me. Erin will wear a black veil and weep over a life taken from this earth far too soon. The Twins will slide me into the fire on an extra large pizza paddle. *R*est *I*n *P*izza
Do not believe the hype. You must go there and try it yourself. The ingredients grown by the owner an the pizza dough is the best I have ever had. The toppings are fresh full of flavor. May be the best pizza ever.
Terrific! Excellent food of great quality and very unique menu. Loved the pizza with white sauce and pine nuts. Service was super friendly.
AMAZING AND UNIQUE PIZZA!! I have a very picky family of eaters...2, 4, and 8 years old (need I say more?) and they devoured their pizza. I got the most "plain" pizza I could for them, just the cheese and sauce (margarita pizza minus the fresh basil) and they LOVED it. Now for us parents, we are a bit more adventurous and we got the Sonny boy (for my husband....salami/their version of pepperoni and olives) and one with half Rosa (rosemary, red onions, smokey crisp pistachios, with a parmesean-reggiano cheese combination) and half ???? (fennel sausage, grilled onions, and fresh mozzarella). I have never tasted anything like these pizzas! I'm hooked....I only wish there was one closer to our home! It's worth the drive, though. I happened to be down near the place while I was running some errands and I got the pizzas to go. Typically they don't do take out orders, but since they weren't too busy yet (3:30 on a Wed.), they were willing to do it. The staff is very friendly and the bartender who took my order was great in describing the menu to me. I can see why this place gets so busy....it is a small, quaint like restaurant with the big open oven as the centerpiece. It is very cool and I was able to watch them make my pizzas. They do have some nice outdoor seating, too. I highly recommend this pizza place!!!
This place is amazing! I wish they would open in Silicon Valley. I have tried the Rosa,The Margarita and my favorite in the Wise Guy. Every pizza is perfectly cooked and delicious. Can't wait to go back.
Great food and ambiance. Pizzeria Bianco will always be my favorite location.
As a New Yorker, I have really high pizza standards. And this place is fantastic!
It's the best pizza place in Phoenix, hands down. If you don't like the wait or think the crust is burnt or any other random complaint, go to Domino's on Central. There's no pretense here. Pretense means you're pretending. These guys do not pretend to have the best pizza in the valley, they just do.
Pizzeria Bianco definitely lives up to their hype. Yes, the wait to eat there is VERY long, but I thought it was worth it, especially when you have great company. I've only gotten their white pizzas there but I have loved them both. The last time I went there, I got the Sonny Boy and it was really good. I've never seen pistachios on a pizza and was a little hesitant, but it turned out to be delicious! The crust on these pizzas is probably the best I've had anywhere and I love to try out pizza places. It is the perfect combination of crunchy, crispy, and chewy. We also got a salad (which comes with their bread) and it was a great, light way to start. It wasn't anything special, but we were starving so the bread definitely helped fill out stomachs up a little bit and made us happy campers after the long wait. :) Whenever people visit, I always take them here and Camelback mountain because I feel like these two are staples of Arizona.
Pizzeria Bianco isn't just a restaurant, it's an institution. Ever since I moved to the Valley of the Sun five years ago, I've watched peoples' eyes glaze over as they ramble on and on about how amazing the food is there; many argue that it serves up the best pizza in Phoenix (if not the country). Why it took me so long to get there is a mystery but after going today, I can unequivocally say that the rumors are all true - it is fabulous! LOGISTICS: Nestled in the Southeast corner of Heritage Square near the Arizona Science Center, Pizzeria Bianco sits in a rather small brick building with an outdoor patio and charming little bar. While the space restriction makes for a more intimate dining experience, I could easily see this place becoming swarmed with diners during peak hours; so perhaps coming before or after the main lunch/dinner rush would be a good idea for those who are patience-challenged or in a time crunch. Park in the structure off of 5th and Monroe - the restaurant validates your ticket (I ended up paying $0 instead of the usual $12). FOOD: Wow! Just wow! I ordered the Market Salad, which consisted of fresh local cantaloupe and honeydew melon, cucumbers, mint, red onions, and peppers served in a yogurt dressing; it was hands-down one of the most creative and refreshing salads I've ever had! They serve their sodas in old fashioned glass bottles and bring freshly-baked bread with olive oil to your table - haven't had olive oil that good in ages! If you can't decide on one pizza combo, they're great about doing halfsies. I ordered a half Margherita, half Rosa (red onion, parmigiano reggiano, rosemary, and Arizona pistachios) pizza - both were sheer perfection! Crust is heavenly, ingredients are beyond fresh, innovative toppings - who'dve thunk pistachios would taste so good on a pizza?! SERVICE: Pizzeria Bianco runs like a well-oiled machine. The service staff is amazing - both friendly and fast. They greet every single guest who comes and goes - pretty impressive! I don't really think you can go wrong here. I came in skeptical but left a believer; somehow they worked their magic over on me - another happy Pizzeria Bianco customer. A thousand flies can't be wrong! ;)
I enjoy thin crust. I loved this place. Crust does not taste like cardboard. Really liked the tomato sauce. I feel it's definitely on the pricier side. We had the margherita pizza with sausage added. Definitely recommend. My boyfriend likes thick crust pizzas like Chicago style... and he had very positive reviews. Right next to science center and cute area for a date also
Awesome caesar salad. Really. I love their caesar salads... which is kinda weird to say about a steakhouse.... I don't care. I LOVE THEIR CAESAR SALADS! I did once order the porterhouse for two, and it was ridiculously large. Like, it could have fed a family of Somalians for a year.... or a black bear... it was freakin' huge!
If you are staying in Phoenix for any length of time, this is a must stop for at least a cocktail. From walking through the kitchen, to being seated promptly in a booth, this is quintessential gastronomic delight. Durant's is an icon and legend. Period. Wine list is great, have a well-versed sommelier also. I never order Filet, but when in Rome...
I claim to be the best Arizona native that there is, yet I failed to visit Durant's until I was 30 years old. Shame on me. Durant's has been around since dinosaurs and now it's just off the light rail. I love when things come full circle. Anyway, time to be serious. So the front door is actually the back door that goes through the kitchen and gives me anxiety that I will knock a waiter out or piss off the chef for not wearing a hair net. Once you get into the dining room, it's easier to breathe. The decor is very Frank Sinatra chic. Who doesn't love giant rounded leather booths, wood and brocade walls, and chairs whose fabric is attached with the giant nailheads? I had the prime rib, which melted in my mouth. We also had an amazing strawberry shortcake that I couldn't force enough in my mouth fast enough. I also had the luck to be in the restaurant on a rare night that they gave their patrons a token good for free desserts for the rest of your life. Oh yes, be jealous.
It's hard to write something new about this Phoenix landmark. It is great, the food is delicious, the service is old school class with modern charm. Everyone has their spot when asked where is their favorite place to eat, and Durant's has no competition for me. If you are going for a special occasion, make sure to mention that when making a reservation...
Yes it is expensive. Period. However, the food is on point. All my meals; appetizers, wine, salad, soup, steak was more than solid. The only reason I give them 4 stars is because you enter through the kitchen when you valet. Nothing really bad, just that it could be adjusted to route customers another direction. I will be going back over and over and over...
The food is always great, the drinks fresh, and the atmospher rich.
A throwback to the old mob days, this place rocks. It reminds me of old school Vegas restaurants that I remember from years ago as a kid. You park in the back of the restaurant and walk in through the kitchen, how cool is that?! Before I took a bite of food, I was a fan of this place. After my first meal, it went to the top of my list. Since that first visit, I've been back several times for lunch and dinner. It never disappoints. Some items I've had here: Wedge Salad w/Gorgonzola Beefsteak Tomato Salad w/Bleu Cheese Crumbles French Dip 12 oz Filet Chop House Burger w/Cheese Side of Rice Pilaf For lunch, my 2 fav items are the French Dip and the Chop House Burger w/Cheese. They're very good and fill you up nice. For Dinner, I always get the Filet. It's my favorite cut of Beef and Durant's does a great job with their Filet. I like to have it with a side of Rice Pilaf....yum! The Salads here are pretty big, so I recommend splitting them. The Wedge Salad is my fav....crispy, juicy Lettuce and creamy Gorgonzola....yes! Service here is spectacular as well. Its always been perfect for us. I wish I lived closer to this place. Return Factor - 100%
There's something about a plush red booth that just makes me want to eat steak. I like Durants for the Ambiance. I like Durants for the Food, I Love Durants for the meat puppet. We should go here more often....
Oh yes, Durant's! We have been coming to Durant's for dinner the last 4 or 5 years. Usually when we dine there it is on a Saturday night and it is usually fairly busy. I can honestly say not only have I had fantastic meals here, but, the service is always spot on. The decor is old school which I love. You really feel like you stepped back in time with the red booths and traditionally dressed waiters. I love walking through the kitchen to get to the maitre d. It is one of the few places in town where I love dressing up to dine out, as the atmosphere is totally conducive to that. (No worries if you want to go casual -it is my own personal preference when I dine at Durant's-something about the atmosphere makes me want to wear a dress.) :) I love their shrimp cocktail. It is fantastic. I am not even a steak eater anymore-I realize that is what they are known for but I love Durant's none-the-less. Their fish dishes are really good. I love their crudites when you are seated-there is something magical about their ranch dressing. I need to mention the bussers. I drink A LOT of water. Those guys and gals hustle-they are top notch. My water glass is never empty long and I appreciate that. Nice wine list, and their wines are reasonably priced.
I took the lady here for our 1yr anniversary after hearing good things about it. She actually wanted to go to the Melting Pot since that was where we had our first date at - but hey, I'm the man here right? And I say that we are trying something new! Entering the door and going through the kitchen is different... and weird. If I hadn't read about it here on Yelp then I would have thought I walked in the wrong door. The girlfriend still swore I was lying and I pulled a fast one on her. Even after seeing people come and go through the kitchen, she was still skeptical! LOL. It is a nice touch though - my comment was "it makes it a bit harder to spit in your food with customers walking through all the time, huh?" I know, the way I think is weird. The garlic bread was good. I generally don't like a bunch of "crap" on my bread but I actually really enjoyed this bread. I could have made a whole meal out of it (I've heard that from others). The taters were good as was the steak. The searing+flavoring was phenomenal on both her Filet Mignon and my New York. It was probably one of the better flavorings I've had on a steak to be honest. I actually undervalued the bill too. I figured I'd be hit with a Delmonico's (Vegas) tab but it wasn't so bad. Service was good too - I drink a lot and my water glass was never empty. My alcoholic drink (Long Island) was also good as well as whatever fruity drink she had. Not too alcoholic, but still very tasty on both drinks.
Had 6pm reservation for a special occasion. Were seated immediately. Server was very nice and personable. The bread is amazing. Had oysters for apps which were very good. Spinach salad was good. Shrimp cocktail was huge as were most of the dinner portions. Free desert for special occasion. Pricey, but we knew that going in. Will be back for a martini.
This is one of the best restaurants in Arizona. The food is amazing, the atmosphere is terrific, and the service is always great. I have never had anything but a first class experience and amazing food here.
Best hidden gem of Phoenix! Traditional old school steak house, the kind where you can't use your phone. Best two things on the menu are the oyster rockafellar and the stuff drinks! I come here every time I'm in town!
air conditioned stadium!!!!! enough said
I love this ballpark as I have been coming to see the Dbacks ever since their first season. But it will always be BOB in my book!! Whatever the name it's still a great stadium and they have improved great lately on the type of foods hou can order. Great place no matter where you are sitting at to watch the game! 5 stars!
One of the fan friendliest ballparks in the country, Chase Field offers many amenities for the baseball fan to see, do, and enjoy. One big attraction for first-time visitors is the pool in right field. I have taken in games from the area around the pool, but never actually inside there. There's not a bad seat in the house. Alongside the pool area, the only other place I've yet to see a game from is that brick area suite right behind home plate...the one you can see people sitting in on tv when they show the player up to bat. Another big attraction is the retractable roof. In early spring and summer, the roof is open for night games unless the weather is bad. Once it begins to get hot in June, the roof is closed. In 2000 when I first moved here, I was an usher at this ballpark and I made it a challenge to run up the 3rd level stairs to the very top each day before a game. The players saw me do it and would cheer me on. I was in really good shape then and didn't have the knee problem I have all these years later, but I tell you what. The view from the last step at the very top looking down is quite something, but word of warning: you must not be afraid of heights like I am. I could look for a split second and then I'd have to head back down the stairs because I would get dizzy real easy up there. Drawbacks to this park? The food and beverages are a little pricey, so my advice is to grab a bite to eat before you go to the game. You can find great deals on bottled water, peanuts, and kettle corn outside the park, so that's one cheap alternative and you can take those inside with you. The Diamondbacks Team Shop is well-stocked full of awesome souvenirs and goodies, but again, a lot of items are overpriced. Just something to take note of. They do have some good deals during some homestands so when they do,, that's the time to take advantage and buy your gear.
It's a great stadium for walking around and I love how the view is from any seat. The only minor complaint is how small the crowd was and the steepness of a climb it is if someone wanted to sit in the true nosebleeds. There's decent value in food prices as well.
You know you're in for a fun experience as soon as you walk in the door. Vintage Mexican movie posters line the hallway, while works by local artists brighten the walls in the two dining rooms. The tables are lit by tall votive-candle glasses embossed with pictures and mini-bios of various saints. Be sure to visit the restroom - wildly painted, adorned with colorful tiles, and decorated with crucifixes, statues of the Virgin Mary, and pictures of Jesus, its somewhat irreverent and completely unexpected atmosphere is sure to stun you and make you smile. As will the food. Despite the name, there's nothing barrio about the cuisine, an eclectic mix of south-of-the-border dishes that eschews the typical combination platters that are geared towards gringo palates in favor of colonial Mexican cooking. As if to emphasize the fact that this is no Chevy's, the traditional chips and salsa are replaced by a basket of French bread with a tapenade of olives, garlic, and capers. Do not miss Guacamole Casero, which is prepared fresh tableside. A ripe avocado, moistened with olive oil, white vinegar, and a splash of balsamic vinegar, is mashed with onions, tomato, cilantro, and pomegranate seeds, and served with topopos (round, fried, chiplike corn tortillas). The chef best displays her successful break from the familiar with the entrees. Seared duck breast is sweet, spicy and tart, aided by the addition of a tamarind and chipotle sauce. Seafood enchiladas are comprised of blue corn tortillas rolled with scallops, cheese, and crab, and topped with a trio of meaty shrimp. The chile en nogada is a large poblano pepper stuffed with apples, pears, raisins, pomegranate seeds, chicken, and smothered in an almond cream sauce. The bar stocks nearly 200 brands of tequila, wine from Valle de Guadalupe in Baja California, and a variety of Mexican beers, in addition to domestic selections. The extraordinary quality of the food is not reflected in the prices - all entrees are $20.00 or less.
I kept reading all of the reviews about Barrio on Yelp and was dying to check it out. I finally go to go with a couple family members and a friend on a Thursday night. As I'm sure everyone has posted the wait is insane. And the parking is limited. But it's one of those places that you almost don't want to get bigger because the size and scope just adds to its charm. The wait also gave us (and others) plenty of time to sample their STRONG and fantastic margaritas. After one I was pretty sure I would not be the dd. The food was incredible. The guac was fresh and wonderful. I had chile rellenos for the meal and was beyond impressed. Everyone I was with loved their choices and we had a great time. The only downside that I noticed was the fact that Barrio is located at 24th st and Thomas, is supposedly a 'Barrio' cafe, and yet the crowd was completely comprised of white yuppie-ish folks...not to knock that cause I def tend to be one...but I hope that it is patronized by a myriad of people instead of becoming just another gentrified cafe spot that the neighbors wont go to.
By far one of the best restaurants in the city, if you are looking for a one of a kind spot, this is it. There is a great authentic mexican flavor to their food and they have amazing Tequila's that keeps you coming back for more. The staff are friendly and the service is always remarkable. I have been going there for years, and I still can't leave without having their Shrimp Tacos as an appetizer. Their Filet is a must on your first visit if you like steak and definitely order the Guacamole which is prepared at your table! Great Sunday Brunch! The rest I will leave to your experience and I hope you will agree.
The most delicious meal on my recent trip to Phoenix. The homemade tamarindo was incredible and the guac was fresh and tasty, though the cranberries messed with my mental expectations to the point of distraction. For those vegetarians out there who don't cheat with fish like I do, try asking for the chile relleno without the seafood. It came piled with roasted veggies and the cheese alone should be enough to satisfy.
Driving up to this establishment, you would have no idea what was to come. This is one of the best Mexican food establishments in a strong Mexican food market. Located at 16th Street and Thomas, heading into a little bit older area of town, you don't expect to find a fine dining Mexican food experience. I was greatly surprised. While looking at the price of the food, and coupling it with the location, I was hoping that I would not be disappointed. I was not. The food was excellent. The taco's were very enjoyable, but the surprise of the meal was the heavily seasoned french fries. I will definitely come back on a date here, and enjoy some of the traditional Mexican dinners. The only thing that could make the Barrio Cafe a better experience is a lunch menu. It's tough to head out for a lunch with the only option being the Taco's at a reasonable price. I see that there are tons of choices for Tequila. I will have to go back and test out their varieties. Can you call me a cab??
After getting blown off by Lola Tapas, my birthday party of 6 came here. (This was on my list but had wanted to try Lola, so glad I came here!! Lola will be another story!) Anyways, so didn`t have a reservation, arrived at 8:20pm, told the manager we were celebrating my birthday(my friends were crammed behind me with armfuls of gifts!) and he said he would do his best to get us in under an hour. So we all tried their sangria, OMG!!! Can I say wow? Sangria with red wine, fused with jack daniels and mango on the bottom! I loved it!!!During the wait, enjoyed the atmosphere of live music, artwork, and watching the delicious dishes come out. We got our table, and started out with their tableside made guacamole. More high marks!! This had pomegranite seeds mixed in, I was in heaven!1 So was my group! Our entrees arrived and I had a chicken-crab torta with avocado pico dressing and mole on the side. It was fabulous!! We were all very happy with our food, and they brought me a birthday flan! I felt very taken care of here with the service! I will definitely be back! Thank you Barrio!!
Great food their pork is awesome !!!! The slow cooking made this dish superb. Of course the margaritas are as good as they get! Overall everyones food was tasty and the service was great. The place was very busy with allot of energy.
There probably isn't much that I can say that hasn't already been said here. So I'll just say whenever people come from out of town, and they ask me where they can go for "real" Mexican food...this is where I send them. Tex-Mex isn't Mexican. Silvana's Chiles en Nogadas is. I remember the first time I met Silvana, at the Botanical Garden, where she had a demo showing how many ingredients are put into a traditional mole sauce. It's that kind of love for her food that transfers into her creations. Yes, the lines can be long. But there's an obvious reason for that. Besides, the tequila selection is quite extensive. Consider it part of the Barrio experience. Order some chips and guac, enjoy the art, chat with the bartender, learn about the Calle16.org project, take it all in. BTW, I think many of the people who don't like this restaurant are so indoctrinated by Tex Mex they have a hard time considering a different, and authentic take, on what Mexican food really means. The country has 32 different states, so many different regions and cultures...it's not just tacos and burritos. If you're not willing to be open to that, if you don't have time for a great night out...and aren't willing to wait...there's always Taco Bell. I'd appreciate you patronize them so you shorten my own wait at Barrio.
Great Mexican food. Authentic street tacos plus a full menu of tasty dishes. Halibut tacos remind me of Ensenada Michelada with Pacifico beer is a perfect beverage for any dish.
We always have a great meal at the Barrio. Be cautious of the restaurant bearing its name at the airport. Go for the original and skip the imitation.
The food is as good as everyone says it is...it's just another level here. Guacamole is a must- with the seasonal pomegranate seeds or without. Order the Cochinita Pibil and experience what Mexican food is like without a ton of yellow cheese melted on top of it. Enjoy the gorgeous art on the walls inside and outside of the restaurant.
Lux is, without a doubt, my favorite coffee shop in Arizona. Their drinks are a perfect balance of well-roasted beans and milk, served in smaller European-style ceramic cups. Both the small and medium have two shots; pick the small for an intense coffee flavor, or the medium if you like more milk. I don't think Lux has flavored syrups, but their mocha and velvet add a wonderfully smooth chocolate base. So, my dear friends in Phoenix, enjoy your Lux because when you move you're not likely to find anything as good!
When I met a friend at Lux this past Sunday, I was expecting it to be completely overrated and full of desperate hipsters trying to be a part of the cool scene. I was wrong, it was fantastic. I about died when the black and white chocolate mocha hit my lips. The best thing I have ever tasted. I will go out of my way to get near it again. You don't just drink it, you make love to it. Go get one now! It's better than sex, well, sex and a black and white chocolate mocha after would be preferable.
Best coffee in town. Now just try and get a place to sit.
I have moved around the country quite a bit in the last three years from Seattle to Hawaii - Michigan and back to Seattle again. Everywhere I go I look for that special place that doesn't scream St#+%%cks and yet delivers great coffee with outstanding service. Here are my findings so far: Maui - Honolulu Coffee Co. Ann Arbor - The Common Cup, Ypsilanti - The Ugly Mug, Bellingham, WA - The Black Drop, Lettered Streets, Firehouse, and Tony's Coffee, Seattle (So Far) - Vivace Espresso and now in Phoenix - Lux Coffee Bar. Upon entering the coffee bar you greeted with a smooth ultra urban vibe that is not pretentious, arrogant, nor fake. The service is outstanding, the bakery/deli products are amazing and delicious. The beans are hand roasted in the 'Employee Lounge' and are made into the perfect caramel shots poured into the perfectly stretched milk from a very talented barista. I know the LUX doesn't need one more review, but I must say that the cool vibe, the fantastic coffee, and the great spaces make for a coffee shop that I might just book a flight to Phoenix from Seattle to visit. LUX has it dialed in...trust me!
I know this place has a rep for being a sort of hipster hangout, and it is, but the folks are friendly, helpful, and the coffee is outstanding. I had a problem connecting to WiFi but other than that, I'm in love.
Great place to drink coffee with a friend or do your academic work and very easy to bring your dog. Everybody who works at Lux is great!!!
I wanted to add how great the pies and quiches are to get when you order in advance. Always made deliciously and makes all the guests happy. its a must for holidays or special occasions.
Whip cream .. red velvet .. yeah im going here tomorrow
Okay, so I admit it. Sometimes I get a stubborn idea about not wanting to go to a specific establishment due to a fierce loyalty to one of it's competitors. It took me a while to cave on this one. Too long in fact. Everyone loves Lux and as it happens, they have good reason to! My latte was supremely delicious. The environment is great albeit slightly confusing as far as the flow of service. I absolutely love the patio area. This place definitely has a Pacific Northwest vibe that immediately resonates with me. The service was really laid back, yet authentically friendly. I was far too busy enthusiastically catching up with a dear friend to take in all that Lux has to offer. There's room in my heart for Lux after all so I shall return. My primary concerns going in were the coffee, service and atmosphere. A+ for all in my humble estimation. I was a little late to the party, but I had a blast anyway.
Wow! My favorite people took me here knowing I would love it! Hey- this place has the ambience of Seattle. And the coffee to rival It. So when I am homesick.... This is the place! Lux ROCKS!
Lux. You rock! My friend Michael describes Lux as being "an experience". Here is the skinny, it is the coolest coffee shop I have ever been to, so I would say that Lux is an excellent experience! It was almost a week ago that my friend Jess took me to Lux and I am still geeking out over it. I loved my coffee, my berry cornmeal muffin, the chocolate chip cookie (with salt on top) that my neighbor let me try, the drink selection, the ambiance, the DJ in the corner playing the cool music, etc. etc. Groovy things about Lux-- You will love it the minute you walk in. I don't believe in love at first sight... but love at first entrance to Lux? It happened. They roast amazing coffees. So a good old- fashioned cup of coffee tastes Delicious. How much is that big beautiful cafe going to cost you? $2. Are there free refills? YES! That is off the rocker cool!! I have a local favorite coffee shop in Tucson and are my refills free? Nope. The selection of quality coffee drinks and breakfast treats is still on my mind. I also am thrilled that they offer soy milk, almond milk and organic milk. Almond milk is my milk of choice. I wish every coffee shop had almond milk. I'm so over soy. So if I was to have an iced chai at Lux, I could pay an extra .50 and have my almond milk. Next time I am at Lux, which will be on my next Phoenix trip... I am having one of those iced mochas that I saw so many peeps drinking. They put a dollop of cream in the mochas... I can't wait to have my own! Cannot get over how rad Lux is!
Lux is a great place for coffee, bakery items, bites, and even cocktails if the occasion permits. The people are friendly, and it has a great atmosphere. I love coming here in the afternoon for a cup of their Americano, which is pretty damn top-notch. As I don't live in AZ, if I'm going to be away for an extended period of time, I'm always sure to take a bag of their freshly-roasted coffee beans from wherever with me. I was there last week on a Sunday afternoon having some darn good mimosas with a friend, and it wasn't too crowded. The only downside I've experienced is it can be a bit confusing where to order for food and cocktails during the day. If you go for the first time, don't be shy. Grab a cup of coffee and explore. As one of the earlier reviewers mentioned, you might get looks walking in like you shouldn't be there. Maybe it's your hair. Maybe you're displaying something that's not eco-friendly. Whatever, dude. Be brave, press on. It's worth it.
This place is truly unique, and deserves 5 stars. I too am now obsessed with this place! The atmosphere is like no other you will find in a Phoenix coffee bar, people will actually interact and talk with each other, read, study, work, talk, watch television. It reminds me of being in someone's cozy living room. I absolutely recommend this place!!!
I hit this place once or twice a week. Food and drinks are amazing. Cool place to just chill.
Finally, a cup of coffee in Phoenix that IS FANTASTIC. SOO FANTASTIC. I'm thrilled! I've been trying to find something comparable to the best in SF, and almost gave up.. but thank you, Lux! Woot.
It a hipster place for sure, but all types are welcome. I think it is the best coffee in town and a great place's to hang out with friends. And lets not kid ourselves, all the people on their computers are not working nor are they studying. House music play on!
This is my favorite cafe in Phoenix to study at...amazing coffee and delicious treats. If I am going to eat lunch, I prefer next door at Pane Bianco. And when I went on Sunday there was a live DJ. Also so much space so you can choose noise level you desire and spread out your books and computer. Reminds me of coffee shops in the northwest like Portland.
Thank you, Lux, just for existing! For 40 years, I was convinced that I didn't like oatmeal with apples and syrup until I tried yours. About your delicious baked goods and your feisty coffee (hurray for your black eye!), I never had an argument. It is all the best start to a morning!
An awesome vibe and delicious drinks and pastries. What more could you ask for?
I drive 20 miles regularly just to come here! Love the amazing interior decorating and superb coffee (it's the perfect kind of coffee to wash down pastries, especially when it's iced). There are so many kinds of people who come here, but everyone, from the employees to the customers, is very friendly. My cousin and I got a peanut butter brownie (amazing) and got up for a coffee refill a couple hours later, and almost the entire pastry case was different. They're always baking their pastries fresh, but if you have something specific in mind, it may not be there when you arrive because they're always rotating. That's okay, try something else, you won't be let down! The food quality is great, so I don't mind paying a bit extra for it. The ideal student's/worker's cafe - there are rooms that have a tendency to be quiet for those who need them. What more could you ask for in a coffee shop?
So I haven't been since Lux moved over to their new spot, and I wish so bad that I could delete my old review, due to new, better employees, a bigger space, tons of selection (literally a full menu from breakfast to dinner, oh and that includes alcohol. Nomnoms). They've adjusted their prices and it's way more reasonable than before. It's more quite so I can get my work done. Seeing more diverse people instead of one group. I love it:)
I had the tropical tea the first time I went and I was impressed. I live off tea. I'm not much of a coffee drinker but I was craving a good iced coffee this morning. The caramel black and white did not disappoint. I loved it!!!! Also, I tried a croissant because I love a good croissant and I had to stop myself from going back for another. New favorite place, and I'm excited that I work down the street.
If you're old enough to remember Cheers! That is the best way to describe Lux on Central. This is truly a place where everyone's knows your name. This is a steezy place for all occasions Monday - Sunday. All vibes are welcome young & old. I've met amazing creatives here. People's of all walks of life. I celebrated my 27th birthday here in the reading room & they made great accommodations for me & my large group. I hosted a documentary screening here in the projection room to a large crowed & even had it open to all patrons in the house that night. Lux is absolutely my favorite place to be for all periods of chill. The food here for me is an added bonus for me simply because I love the space so much. The atmosphere caters to everyone. I enjoy the unique rotating menu from breakfast to lunch & dinner. Excellent bar & coffee selections. This is home away from home.
Beat coffee shop on town, even the iced coffee is great and has not been sitting in a jar for 24 hours, this place is slammed in the morning for a reason , best place simply Put!
This is a great, great place. packed yes, worth it, yes. Bad side..um..maybe not as "new mexican" as new mexico- but I'll take it.
Great place to have dinner with good friends. Sit at the bar and wait for your table. I always order from the specials menu - never disappointed. Crowded every night of the week, but worth the wait. Great brunch as well. One of the best small neighborhood joints.
This place cannot be beat on their green chile stew. It's AMAZING. I eat here about 2-3 times a year (not often enough!) with friends and it is always fantastic. I don't eat a lot of meat and they will turn any menu item into a vegetarian item for you - happily. I never feel awkward ordering here. The meat I *have* had at Richardson's is always perfectly tender and wonderful. If you are downtown and looking for a good, warm, FUN meal - stop here.
Just returned from a 4 day vacation to Phoenix. I made a special trip to Rokerij just because I had seen where they had the Richardson's menu and, as a garlic lover, I have NEVER had anything quite like Richardson's garlic appetizer. Once again, I was not disappointed. This dish alone will keep me coming back to this restaurant group whenever I visit Phoenix. I liked the ambience of Rokerij, even though we were seated in the basement. Our server was most attentive and patient with us as we muddled through the menu and then the appetizer. I had the Pasta Heidi and my companion had the Mixed Grill. The flavors of both dishes were spicy and unique. I would assume if you're after typical Mexican food fare, you would not be happy with what is offered by these restaurants, but if you're after some unique dishes at reasonable prices, it can't be beat!
My family and I have been shopping here since 1993. We are usually there from two to five hours a couple times a year. I would not suggest going shopping when they have a sale because of the crowds and the huge line. It is usually not as crowded during lunchtime and in the evenings. No doubt it is disgusting, BUT they have great prices that cannot be beat at Nordstrom! I bought a $300 Trina Turk purse for $70! Pretty sweet, don't you think?
From southern cali and we only have nordstrom rack there. This place is like the last of the bargains possible. This is a must do when I come to az. Came here yesterday spend 450 on shoes and today another 450. Good gracious me. Its okay its once every 2 or 3 years. You can get good deals on clothes but you have to dig. The shoes you better grab them and then tey them on later. The ladies here can be vicious shoppers digging into your cart so be aware. You must try to go here if your in the area.
To understand why I gave Last Chance 5 stars, you have to understand what Last Chance is. They send returns from Nordstroms (and Rack locations) to this single location in Phoenix. Since Nordstroms has a very generous return policy, they get a ton of things returned--which end up here. This location is designed solely to liquidate inventory. It has no frills of any kind and the merchandise is completely random and ever changing. Therefore I am not basing my judgement on whether the staff is helpful or if the store is clean but only on whether I get a good deal or not. In my experience, I have gotten amazing deals on all sorts of clothes and shoes. I have had especially good luck finding amazingly priced, like new shoes shoes (i.e. 75% or more off). Since the inventory is all returns, some things are not in the best condition, but the items that are not in an acceptable condition represent a small minority in my experience. The best advice I can offer for this place is: plan to make multiple visits and don't have your heart set on something specific. Instead, know what kind of "style" you like and looks good on you and look for things that fit that image.
My SO and I love this store. He found a number of shoes for so cheap that when we went to the Rack afterwards he was shocked at the prices. And this is coming from a guy who previously and still only shops there. I was able to score a number of gowns for $13!!!! Some of the most comfy heels for $18! If we are ever back in town we will be back but something has I be done about the regulars who take all the best stuff to re-sell them. Be prepared to spend hours here! Also a note to management, I was so shocked at the purse bins. With the pulling and tugging to pull them out they are being ruined and thus decreasing the amount of money you will get for them. I was soo sad to see so many amazing purses including my favorite the Marc Jacobs Stam in such terrible condition. If this is a business isn't the goal to maximize profits? If so than I don't understand why this isn't being addressed
I had visited Phoenix many times for work before I discovered this place and was disappointed I hadn't found it sooner. This place is like shopping heaven for a bargain shopper (like me), but not for the weak of heart... You definitely need to be prepared for what is in store for you when you arrive. Things are loosely organized by category, but expect to dig for things! Every trip is a hit or miss--you have to be lucky to find something good, but if you do, it's completely worth the trip.
Why does this place have so many 1 and 2 star reviews? I just don't understand. I have been coming here for YEARS. Even before I went the vegetarian/vegan route. I used to have birthday party dinners here when I was a kid. This place has always been my favorite Mexican place to eat at, and is always super crowded with people. You should have seen it the day after the Superbowl. It was a mad house! But because I love it so, we still waited the thirty minutes and ate here anyways. The service is sort of touchy. Some times we get really good servers who are friendly, and other times we get the ones who just rush and take your order and don't bother to care about you at all. Really though, as long as the service is fast, I could care less about whether or not they talk to me. It is just nice when they do. The food is always hot, and always comes out super fast. I always order a bean chimichunga with no cheese, no sour cream, and all beans on the side with no cheese. The lettuce and tomatoes they put all over every dish is slightly annoying and I always forget to ask for them to take it off, but whatever. I love my bean chimi. Whoever comes here and expects to get 5 star Mexican food is kidding themselves. You can tell from the outside of this place that when you come in here, you are going to get some greasy bad for you Mexican food. And that is exactly why I frequent this place. When I am in the mood to just eat greasy food that's going to make me feel like I just ate 3000 calories, I come here. Because even being a vegetarian, you have to have a place where you go to eat bad for you food.
Thanks so much for your support of Gregory's galactosemia fund raiser. Thanks to your generous donation and compassion, we raised $3,500 toward the the fight against this metabolic disorder. You guys are the best!
Went here last night with the hubby. It was recommended by several people. It is definitely an old school place. Older crowd too. The food was amazing. I had the muchaca chimichanga and it was the best one I think I ever had. Very flavorful. And the prices were so good! We are absolutely going back.
I love this place, the bar is really small but it's totally cool. This is what I call a local neighborhood restaurant/bar. Great food and I just tried the Carna Picada for the first time and it's my new favorite dish. If you like jalepenos and carna asada (or pork) you can't go wrong with this dish. Make sure you try one of the house margaritas, they are $2.99 all day, every day. Salsa is really good and so are the chips. This is an old school Phoenix Mexican restaurant, you can't go wrong.
Good foot, cheap prices on Alcohol and food! Definitely recommend this place!
My favorite Mexican food place but beware of the heat! Spicy but yummy!!!
If you like spicy this is the place for you. The carne adovado relleno's are to die for! The central Phoenix one has moved up on Camelback and about 10th street, a couple doors down from Oregano's. So you have two great choices just a few feet apart!
Posol or Pozol. Whichever way you choose to spell it - Los Dos is the place to get it. All of the choices on their menu are done right - there are very few places we've found that know how to use the chilies (take your pick - red or green). Los Dos does.
Los Dos Molinos is definitely a Chili Lovers Playground. The chips and Salsa start off your meal. The Red salsa is good and tastes rich and spicy. The Green salsa is not as spicy and my husband liked that one best. I had Red Enchiladas with eggs on top and I will definitely order that again. My husband ordered the Spicy Shrimp and the shrimp was a very large size. It was so good. The waiter treated us to Flan which is one of my husbands favorite desserts. Anyone that likes New Mexico Chile won't be disappointed with the meals. We will definitely return there on our next trip to Phoenix..
I grew up with it so I love it. But the people who go there are fairly annoying, especailly when they talk really loud about art, trying to sound artistic. I actually like the coffee, Abbott. Not the best, but I like the mexicali. I wish they would serve Dim Sum.
Fanciest most fun burger joint I have ever been to. At midnight, the place was bumpin' The burger was out of this world and was topped off with a great basket of fries served in a small shopping cart and complimented by a great mayo sauce and ketchup. Washed it all down with some Fat Tire. I can't wait to go back!
This is one of my favorite burger places...and it doesn't hurt that they make some fantastic martinis to go with :) The sweet potato fries are the best in the city - if I say so myself (and I think I've tried them all). Sometimes you have to wait here, but it is always worth the extra time.
Can you be a member of PHX yelp having NOT reviewed Delux? This is like being jumped into Los Yelpes Gigantes. Since Delux has been reviewed consistently for over two years, there is nothing that I can offer as a varied opinion, but i thought, what the hell? I don't stop breathing air just cos everyone else has already done it. Some things are necessary. Delux is like your all-time favorite song. Sure, you've had it over and over again, you know its intricacies, you've interpreted, and digested its offerings. And then something happens that shocks you. You get sick of it. So, you stash it away, lose it on your memory's playback, and banish it from your favorite playlist. Sometime later, it comes up again, and you think ... "Oh yeahhhh!" This is Delux. So you go back, get your usual pint of Anchor Steam, your maytag burger, and the halfer of sweet potato/boring potato fries. Then you wonder why you ever shunned it. This shit is great. I won't ever dismiss it again. Pretty soon, it will be a classic and you'll hear everyone talk stories about it, how they were there in 1972 when Delux opened for The Kinks.
112th review for Delux. I give it five stars because it's the best burger in Phoenix. Get it medium rare (rare is even better) and ENJOY. The sweet potato fries are the best I've found as well. Good beer selection. Smallish restaurant can have quite a wait, particularly later at night. Worth it though.
Ok, ok....they earned it. I have explored most of the menu now and there is way more to it than just burgers. Chinese chicken salad, panini grilled cheese(!), grilled chicken panini, mahi mahi sandwich, Haagen Dazs malts, a few very good wines, fun beer combinations...all very bueno. Plus now that I'm part of a group of regulars (that happen to tip generously, which may play a part in improved service), we get hella good service from our regular cycle of about three different guys. Delux rules
Great Burgers, Great Fries, and Great Beer, is there anything else you need to know? The Burgers are fantastic, and they have their own amazing special sauce. Even the Veggie Panini is amazing, full of flavor, and cheese. The Fries come out in a mini shopping car, come in both sweet potato and regular potato variety. Get a half and half. The dessert cookies sucked, sorry, but they did. All in all I will be going there again! Probably Next week!
a place with great food where they always remember me...how do you beat that????
I don't think there is anything else to be said about Delux, it's been around and they offer nothing but great food; the Classic Burger and the Delux burger are both very delicious. I like Delux better and I do recommend medium rare; the quality of the meat is unbelievable. Love the sweet fries; I do prefer the mixture of both sweet and regular fries.
Simply put, the best burger I've ever had served up with a great array of import beers and microbrews.
The best turkey burgers I've ever had!
I have been to Delux 4 times and have had excellent food every time. So glad we were told from friends to check it out. Their Classic burger is amazing! Sweet potato fries are my kids favorite.
Can't speak to the ambiance as I got my food to go, but my Chinese chicken salad was fantastic. I was working late and picked up the food. Went back to work and the salad even sat out for an hour before I got to it, but it didn't matter. It was amazing. I'll be back for more!
After slamming Scottsdale's Roaring Fork for their dry-as-hell Big Ass Burger, I felt it was only right I let those in the greater Phoenix area know who has a real burger. Delux has a real burger. Granted it is not on as many "Top Ten" lists as the Big Ass Burger, but how often are those things right, anyway? I suspect those reviews are too often written by journalistic whores who make underhanded deals with restaurant owners, trading free meals on their knees and two-night-a-week access to the bottom shelf in exchange for plugging a restaurant's mediocre fare. Luckily my fellow yelpers are much smarter than that. How much smarter? Much smarter enough to trust a random stranger who utilizes a terrifying picture of Conrad Veidt as his personal icon and writes food reviews at 2:00 in the morning. Damn straight! Now, on to the food! I have been going to Delux burger for about nine years, and the menu has grown vastly in that time. However, I don't often stray from getting the Classic Burger. It is always cooked great, and medium-rare means you are going to get your burger medium rare. Full of flavor and just damn delightful. It's like a flavor explosion in your mouth. You know that Deftones' song, "Passenger"? It's like that - but in your mouth. If you aren't familiar with the song, trust me when I tell you this is a very good thing. And I don't even really like the Deftones. Or Tool. I would also recommend the Delux Burger, the namesake, the flagship, the Big Kahuna, the Keyser Sze, the mysterious golden-light-coming-out-of-the-briefcase. Okay, so it's not as good as all that, but it is pretty tasty. For the Los Angelenos out there, the Delux Burger is a direct rip-off of the Father's Office Office burger (Santa Monica), complete with the baby arugula. The difference? Delux is less cocksure and will let you have all the ketchup you want. Boo-ya, Father's Office. Boo-ya. I have never had a bad burger at this place. The food is consistently exceptional. My ex-girlfriend introduced me to Delux, so I cry a little bit every time, but the bittersweet, nostalgic ache in my heart is quickly soothed by the delicious red meat, grilled onions, and toasted bun I stuff in my mouth. Despite the emotional baggage waiting for me whenever I arrive, I can still recognize it is a good place for a date. My half-Japanese girl (who does it to me every time) really likes the sushi, and they give you as much hot water as you request to squeeze every last drop of life out of your bag of green tea. If you are looking for a good burger, look no further than Delux. Tell them Tommy sent you, and they will look at you blankly and nothing will happen. You won't regret it. Any of it.
This is my favorite restaurant in the valley! I have been eating at this most excellent hole-in-the-wall since 1994 - when they were quite small. The food is an ecclectic mix of Chinese, Mexican and a little bit of the Caribbean. If you are a newbie - let them know when you come in, and they will give you a taste of the main items on the menu. I particularly like the Chinese BBQ Pork and the Jade Red Chicken served with pork fried rice and black beans...my wife lives on the spicier side of life and likes the Pollo Diablo (Devil Chicken) and Jerk Chicken (Not quite like we've had in Jamaica - but still quite good). Every meal comes with a fresh baked and large cookie. It is a kid friendly environment and is full of regulars who swear by the place - we have friends who used to drive from Chandler every Saturday just to eat at Chino - for the last year or two there has been a location in Chandler so they don't have to burn so much gas. Chino proves that a restaurant doesn't have to have any Michelin stars to be a local favorite!
dear god what did i do to deserve some thing as wonderful as chino's? once i got past the exterior i was so pleasantly rewarded with one of the most delicious meals i have ever eaten in my life. the mexican/chinese on the same plate is quality.
What can I say about this place that hasn't already been said? I'll just give you my experience. Years ago, some guys from my office got lunch here every so often. They raved about it, so I figured I'd go see what the fuss was all about. I randomly picked a couple of items from the menu: combo with #1 and #13 (carnitas and pollo diablo; pork fried rice and black beans). I was a goner from the first bite. I eventually changed my habitual order to replace #1 with #14 (machaca), but otherwise, I have never strayed. It's just so good, I don't want to even try anything else. I can understand why they have so many awards and mentions on their walls. Why I love it: 1) It's just plain GOOD. There's nothing else (that I know of) that's like it. You know when you have a unique favorite recipe, or a certain brand & flavor of ice cream that's incomparable to anything else, and when you're in the mood for it, nothing else will do? (Think "Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle). 2) Unpretentious. I'm a reverse snob: frou frou "nouveau" this or that really rubs me the wrong way. This place, a hidden jewel in an otherwise anonymous strip mall, is as down to earth as it gets. No fancy, uber-glam seating here. 3) Friendly staff. This amazes me. They work lightning-fast, in a hot, steamy, loud, confined space, but they're always peppy and cheerful. No soup-nazis here. This place is on my top 5 eats in Phoenix. If you ever try it, I can guarantee it won't be the first and last time.
Proving you don't need fancy digs to pull off fusion cuisine, Chino Bandido combines Mexican and Chinese in a way that's not only good-tasting, but with a great sense of humor and an overwhelming eagerness to please. My interaction didn't last long - just enough to order Pollo Diablo and some jerk chicken. Regardless of how incompatible those two items sound, it worked well, if only because both were crazy flavorful, and I sat there eating them out of a little tin with chopsticks. Cheap, good, and unique - it's all you need. Apparently, you also need a snickerdoodle, because they gave me one for free. You win this round, Chino Bandido.
I love this place. Jade chicken with jerk rice and make sure you get it in a burro. Make sure you go to the counter and tell them its your first time the helpful servers will give you a taste test and help you fill out the order firm.
Chino Bandido is not the restaraunt to go to if you are looking for a healthy meal or excellent tableside service. However, the staff is always polite and offering samples of their diverse menu is the norm. The food is Chinese and Mexican (it goes together better than you'd think) and while the options are limited in some ways (A Chinese place without Chow Mein?) for the most part the food is very good, albeit a little greasy. Any of the entree items can be had by itself, placed in a quesadilla, or wrapped as a buritto. Beans and various kinds of fried rice are offered with the main combo and the range of diversity means that you can probably find something you like, regardless of the mood you're in. If you are looking for a place that is a little different, and aren't particularly concerned about fine dining, this is the place to go. It can get a little crowded during the lunch and dinner rushes though as it is quite popular.
Delicious. We shared the combination plates for the red jade chicken, pollo diablo and the jerk chicken and the carnitas. Staff is very friendly and helpful and the food lived up to the hype. This is truly a 5 star, 300+ review place and you can't beat the price. Throw on a t-shirt and jeans and enjoy delicious food.
This place is hillarious. From the panda with the mustache to the plastic tables and fold up chairs. I hope you're not looking for high end dining in terms of ambiance! But the food is worth walking inside the small hole in the wall restaurant. The jade red chicken is amazing. I recommend it plain (as in not in a burrito/quesadilla). My other favorite is the jerk chicken (which is a little spicy) in a quesadilla. Oh and the black beans are good too. Don't forget you get a cookie with the combo! I love snickerdoodles. YUM!
My husband and I came here because of the great yelp reviews and it totally lived up to the expectation. When we first pulled up I questioned myself because its kind of a dive type place. Bottom line: the food was AMAZING! Probably some of the best stuff I have ever eaten. I don't live anywhere near and am craving it all the time now ;( Will someone mail me some? Ill have their awesome pastor, diablo chicken and jerk rice! thanks.
This is a crazy combination and it really works! Chinese, Mexican and some Caribbean. What I find odd is that with food from 3 different "brown" cultures, the majority on the patrons were white! Just an observation. Kinda hectic in the Phoenix location, it reminds me of a busy toy store during Christmas shopping season. Dont let that scare you off it's really good, The Red Jade Chicken is my favorite! they are or have opened a new location in Chandler, so for east valley folks, that's nice.
I love Chino's. You need to test a few things out, but once you find your combination you'll be hooked. My combination is the hengernage quesadilla and jerk fried rice. Delicious!
REALLY miss this restaurant. Such an odd but oh-so-satisfying combination of flavors. Need one in Ohio!
One of my favorite places to eat. I love this place! I've been eating here as a regular since the 90s. Never had a bad plate. Don't miss their other location in if you are on the East side!
The dim sum here is not the greatest I've ever had, but it is the very best Phoenix has to offer. We have tried every listing on Yelp, Best of, and Urban Spoon. We've tried every place recommended by friends and co-workers. This is as good as it gets. What gets this restaurant it's 5 star rating is the atmosphere, servers, and the Peking Duck. The duck is not prepared the traditional way (the way we do it at home), but it is still very tasty. Even my parents (who are purists) have to admit that the flavors and the textures work very well together. Plus, the way they prepare it at Golden Buddah is much faster so we don't end up waiting forever for the food.
Delicious! Everything's good
This is my second review on Caffe Boa ! I always like to follow up with an updated review. I walked in hoping that my experience would be as great as my first....and it was !!!!!!! Our server was great as usual ( I had her last time) and she is knowledgable and friendly. The food was fantastic and the drinks were cold and served fast. The perfect weather and patio puts Caffe Boa over the top. FANTASTIC
We stayed at the Marriott Canyons Villas and the JW Marriott is close enough to walk to or they have a shuttle that runs to and from every 30 minutes. I saw that the Vista Lounge offered sushi, sashimi and rolls so we decided to sit downstairs at the lobby lounge and dine inside. Our sushi chef Kato was friendly, gracious and created yummy sashimi and sushi. For starters I ordered the lobster roll, Vista Roll (spicy yellow tail, scallions, cucumber and sesame), spicy tuna roll, squid salad, fresh water eel - Unagi, and finish off with Salmon Sake sashimi. Everything we ate was super delicious and fresh. The squid salad was absolutely the bomb with awesome flavor! What was an added plus was since we stayed at the villas we received a 25% discount on our entire tab. Sweeeet!
Great pools for the whole family. Very beautiful grounds friendly staff.
I have a confession. I had an affair at this hotel. A CHOCOLATE AFFAIR! This hotel offers a chocolate making class in their Champs Kitchen. The very same kitchen that was designed for the pastry chefs to practice for competitions, who by the way are National and World Pastry Champions. The class was so much fun as well as informational. Chef Greg and his assistant were fun, patient, helpful & full of information. Sign up for the class if you're staying at the hotel or live in Arizona. Highly Recommended. Have fun! By the way, everything that you make is yours to take. You also receive a gift and breakfast was included for the same price. Great Deal!
Beautiful Resort with great customer service. Love the lazy river and the outdoor fire pit. Paid extra for the Griffin Club which was worth every penny Will come here again for sure!
I stayed here for a friend's wedding and boy, do they treat you well. This place is absolutely humongous! Their grass is green and plush, their rooms are big, beds are comfy, balconies have nice views, presidential suite is absolutely drop-dead ridiculously large. Be sure to give their spa a visit! Amazing facilities with friendly and helpful staff. Only complaint might be that their property is TOO big. The distance from the parking lot to the main resort is around 1/3 of a mile. That's just nitpicking now.
We've attended the Muhammad Ali Celebrity Fight Night event the past 3 yrs here and it's a top notch event. The reason why it's a great event is because of this resort and it's staff. From the time you pull up into the valet area next to the ballroom until you pick up your car 8 hrs later, it's a 5 Star experience. The banquet staff ensures that you're every need is attended to. Champagne, Wine, and Spirits are served from several bars scattered throughout the ballroom & pre-function space. There's never a line of more than a few people at the bars. The passed hors d'oeuvres are delicious. The meal is pretty good as well. We went with the Vegetarian option, which was an Eggplant Cannelloni. The Dessert was fabulous as well....a trio of delightful sweet flavors (see pic). http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jw-marriott-desert-ridge-resort-and-spa-phoenix-phoenix?select=JLPvffOfpIzZIX8pC2QRjQ#JLPvffOfpIzZIX8pC2QRjQ The ballroom stage was amazing and the entertainment, featuring J-Lo, Billy Ray Cyrus, Billy Crystal, Steve Martin, Reba, and many more was awesome. Their banquet staff deserves the 5 Stars on this review. I've never stayed in the hotel, but will give it a try for a staycation in the future. Return Factor - 100%
We stayed here for the Fiesta Bowl earlier this year. The accommodations were great and the property was absolutely stunning. The bathroom was huge! I'm not one for golf so I can't speak to that, but the spa was very clean. I took a yoga class in the morning and had a massage in the afternoon. The massage was awesome, I highly recommend the hot stone massage!
I did it! That's right, I hiked all the way to the top of Camelback Mountain. And not just me, but my boyfriend and my toy Australian Shepherd, Frankie. If you take nothing else from my review, please note that this is a difficult hike for dogs. Large dogs will probably get stuck at the last stretch where the trail narrows, and you more or less have to hang on to the side of the mountain as you shimmy across. And personally, I wouldn't attempt to push a dog to complete that part as it could be very dangerous. Fortunately, Frankie is small and athletic, so he was able to make it by himself to that point, and was able to be carried through the most difficult parts. Also, if you have a small, fairly inactive dog, make sure that you have some sort of dog back/front pack to carry them once they get tired. And most importantly, MAKE SURE TO BRING PLENTY OF WATER FOR DOGS!! Now that I'm done with that... This was a great hike. At 5'4", this was a fairly intense hike for me, and I had some trouble keeping up with my 6'1" boyfriend and our little hiker dog. And boy was I thankful for my Camelback! We went on a Friday afternoon, so the trail wasn't too busy. There were quite a few people running up and down the trail which always makes me a bit nervous, but being aware of the runners and making room for them to pass helps to ease my anxiety. The views on the way up were incredible. You get a primo look at the Phoenician which will have you dying to schedule a visit for some drinks on their patio. You also get to check out the super expensive mountainside mansions. But as I was saying before, this is a reasonably intense hike, so if you're not an incredibly experienced hiker, be sure to take it slow. It took us about four hours in total to make it from the car to the mountain, all the way up, all the way down and back to the car. So make sure to carve out a decent chunk of time. As tough as the hike can be, and as much as you may just want to lay down and pass out at some points, the view from the top is the reason to keep going. Once you get to the top, it's almost as if you've joined an elite club of super hikers! :) Have fun, take water and watch out for rattle snakes!
I can't believe I've lived here for 6 YEARS and have never hiked Camelback??!! Well, I proudly broke that boundary today. It's been something I've always said "I'll do that someday." And today was just that day. From reading other reviews, I took advice and went on the Cholla Trail. Sounds like the Echo Canyon is pretty advanced for me. But Cholla was a gorgeous hike! Great views... saw a couple iguanas... the hike made me proud to live in the desert. You'll definitely want to bring some water with, and some light sunglasses or a hat. Obviously don't forget your sunscreen. But I started around 7:30am and there was few other hikers. So it was pretty quiet... definitely was nice to take some breaks in solitude looking out over the valley. Make sure you have some closed-toed shoes with socks. Teva's without socks don't work so well going downhill. :) I think next time I'll bring a small pack so that I can bring a camera or something. Maybe my blackberry?? So I can post some pics right away. If you've been thinking about going, don't wait - GO!
the ghetto bird, was out last night rotors roaring, big searchlight yep, you guessed it, hiker stranded hope you don't mind, dose of candor hey dumbass, bring water, please hiking in hundred eight degrees? dehydration, c'mon clowns see, what goes up, must come down but there they sat, dizzy, exhausted two old ladies, from wisconsin http://bit.ly/9qYXHM cholla trail in mid-july ladies luck, they could have died send the chopper, news will tell look, you're live on channel twelve! lynn sue cooney, "this just in someone's stuck up there.... again" so when you wean yourself from yelp tv remotes, folks, it might help to start out walking, 'round your block before you step foot, on that rock it ain't for tourists, seniors, fatties couch potatoes, grammas 'n daddies all the above, please stay away unless, of course, you want to say i'm the dumbass, on the news dubiously, the ones who you've seen drive through washes, in a flood roof top, lifeboat, nine-one-one or hiked a mountain, because it's there no everest, but please beware it ain't easy, long and steep no water stores, or spots to eat at people, you've been cautioned EMTs, basket, you're tossed in dangling, way up in the sky sure as shit, you're now that guy we've all seen on the news and yelled you idiot, it's hot as hell! who would climb up camelback? wisconsinites...imagine that...... say cheese : )
Amazing sights but wow what a tough climb! I only made it halfway today but will conquer it next time I swear! :)
Hiking Camelback is something that I itch for now that I'm not in Phoenix. It's challenging, and you feel it for days after your hike. Seriously? Any time you have to climb rocks for a 1.2 miles and need a handrail on a hike, you know it's tough. But this hike is not for the faint of legs or for quitters. Because the hike down is just as rough as the hike up. Make sure your shoes have some grip. I prefer to wear shoes that stabilize, or shock-absorbing shoes for the jump down. And bring lots of water, because that heat will catch up to you as you climb higher. EAT beforehand because you will use a LOT of energy. If you have space, bring a camera... because if you make it all the way up, you will want to record the moment!!! AMAZING views from the top, and there always is a gratifying breeze to welcome you. I miss you, Camelback. Hands down, you are the BEST short hike in without feeling making me feel fat.
I've hiked Echo Canyon and the other path as well. I prefer Echo for its view and challenging climbs. It's intense enough to give you a great workout but easy enough to bring anybody with you who isn't some fitness freak. A couple of tips: #1 Go early to avoid the afternoon heat and to get parking #2 Bring 1-2 liters of water #3 If you go in the afternoon, make sure to give yourself time to make your way down before sundown or bring a flashlight. I made the mistake of getting stuck near the summit around 6 PM. The sun came down fast and it got pretty dark.
Reading all of these reviews makes me go batty. Let me say this: Maybe I was lucky but when I arrived there was plenty of parking. I never hiked a mountain before but decided being pretty athletic I would go for it with the Echo trail. It was tough. Bring tons of water I brought 2 liters and realized at the summit that I should have brought more. Then again it was 115 degrees when I hiked it so more my fault than anything. Its a mountain so expect rocks to move and there be wildlife present. I almost grabbed what looked like a chameleon on my way up. Take your time and don't rush as most of the people running up are locals who do it every day. I hope to get back here one day and do this again.
A few years ago, in a moment of weakness about more than halfway through the [echo canyon] trail, I felt like saying "Eff it, I'm tired." Then I saw a man with a prosthetic leg pass me steadily. If that isn't motivation, I don't know what is. If that doesn't make you feel ridiculous for wanting to quit, I don't know what will.
Who goes hiking on vacation? Apparently I do! Several friends that live in the area are always posting pictures of their hiking adventures around the Phoenix area and I wanted to see what desert hiking was all about when I came down for Memorial Day. Being from the Pacific Northwest, hiking generally involves parading through heavily forested trails with occasional rockery and is often made worthwhile with scenic waterfalls and lakes. I knew not to expect this in Arizona, but what I didn't realize was the different beauty Camelback provided. Being located in basically the heart of the widespread greater Phoenix area, the panoramic views are unparalleled without being in a plane. PNW hiking is generally situated far away from any urban areas so it was unique to be able to see an entire city and its surroundings from a hiking vantage point. In hindsight I wish I would've brought a map of the Phoenix area (rather than looking at my small iPhone screen) to get an idea of what I was looking at across the valley. As a golfer it was fun to see the layouts of the courses I've played from an aerial view, especially the Phoenician directly below on the south and east sides of the mountain. I'd love to come back for a sunset hike!
Was excited to find out it was open later than 10 so I could go with my friends after dinner. The two younger employees were surprisingly helpful and friendly even though it was almost closing time and they didn't make us feel rushed at all. It was great all around!
wow!!!! I had Pistachio Gelato... one heaping scoop, which was more than enough for me! The young lady behind the counter was friendly & very helpful!
Loved the Margherita Pizza. Simple yet so delicious. Crazy thing though...my favorite thing there was the Bruschetta. Had the "3-way." Oh, the freshness of those tomatoes! Unbelievable. Lots of basil. So good. The bean brushcetta came in 2nd. We didn't really save room for dessert but shared some strawberry crepes anyway-or at least tried to. The kids went in for the kill and it was gone in about 2.5 seconds. Have to say though, I enjoyed my one bite thoroughly.
I cant believe I haven't reviewed this place! I've been going here since they opened! The food is always amazing! It is always packed so be prepared to wait. They do take reservations for 6 or more, but that doesn't mean you'll get seated right away. We went here this past Saturday in honor of the day of my birth. We had 7 with us and had reservations for 630, which I thought we would beat the crowd, but was mistaken. We had to wait for our table for a good 20 minutes, but all good things are worth a wait. A smooth ass piano player was in the courtyard belting out old classics from Sinatra to the Commodores! Loved him! Our waiter was good but you could tell he had more tables then he could manage. The food was amazing as per usual. LOVE the pizza and salads here! My favorite pizza is the Cappriccosa. I have a hard time picking a salad there because I want them all. My top go to's are the Omera or the pear salad, so tasty! And ALWAYS save room for dessert, the Fresca crepe is my all time favorite!
Pizza could not be better!!! Even though we had to squeeze into the two back corner seats at the bar, I fell in love with this place with my first bite of the bruschetta. The bread was so amazingly soft with the crispy edge, no roof of my mouth scratches. I really wanted to ask for a loaf to go. Luckily the couple next to us got their pizza before we ordered because we almost ordered two. I've only been here once. This was our starting point before checking out a show at the previously named Dodge Theater. Tried some potato, arugula, and sausage pizza. It was incredible. The crust had just enough fire burn crustiness to it. The ingredients were super fresh, I wanted more more more, although, my tummy said STOP the maddness silly girl! Can't wait to go again, it got pretty busy, i think we got there just in time cause there isn't a whole lot of seating, and seems to be pretty happening. Actually, my BF was at a trade show in Worcester, MA, one of the guys in a booth next to him, said "Wait, you're from AZ?...Have you tried Cibo? I go there every time I'm in the valley!" We had to try it, thank you.
After reading all the favorable reviews, we decided to make reservation for our party of 7 one month in advance. The restaurant is located in downtown Phoenix to what looks to be a residential neighborhood. It is ranked as one of the top first date places and the ambience is very romantic. It reminds me of one of those restaurants that you stroll across with a beachfront dining in some romantic resort town. We ordered a total of 5 pizza's, 2 appetizers, and 3 desserts for our party. The pizza's were phenomenal, much better than the other place that has a wait of 3 hours. The pizza's that stood out were the one with truffle oil and a red spicy sauce with ham. Sorry, I don't have the names of the pizza's as I let my friends do the ordering. Be sure to save room for dessert! We ordered 3 crepes (nutella with banana, crme cheese, and fresca). Each was delicious. Upon leaving we were stuffed, but left with the satisfaction that this was one of the best pizza's we've ever had. The service was great, our waiter provided some really good tips and recommendations. We'll be back on our next Giants Spring Training trip!!
The wait staff here is amazing! So fun and friendly! The food is amazing too.. nutella strawberry crepes.. omg! Plus sitting outside here is so beautiful and a great experience.
This is the Antonio Banderas in Desperado of Pizzerias.
Great pizza and nutella cepes.
Great italian food. Fresh, home made pasta. Great Pizzas. Real italian flavor, not americanized. One of the best pizza places I've been to in the country. Also worth noting that this restaurant is actually an old home that was re-purposed. The have several rooms inside which each accommodate an individual group. However, when the weather is nice, the "front yard" is the place to enjoy your wonderful meal.
Can't say enough good things about CiBO! I loved the atmosphere, the pizza was delicious (nice crispy crust with a wood fired flavor, premium toppings) and service was great. We ordered the grilled veggie plate appetizer, and though I wished it was served hot and not slightly on the cold side, it was surprisingly delicious. The drizzle of balsamic totally made the dish! Spring for the extra $2 for the balsamic onions on your pizza, you won't be disappointed (and I don't even like onions)!
I would suggest that anyone who lives here and has not been come, and if you're in town and looking for a great local non-chain restaurant that has quality food prepared the way it should, then try Cibo! I took my man here for "mystery date night" as a surprise since he had never been. No wait at 8:45 on a Friday night (yes! take that Pizzeria B) and the atmosphere of this house is super intimate and cool. I love the atmosphere of the patio also, lit with those great off-white lights, and fire pits. We shared the burrata which was gynormus, easily enough for 4 people or a hungry us. The wine was tasty and reasonable. I was drinking a pinot grigio, and my guy had the house chianti which I never usually order anywhere since it almost always reminds of grandmas table wine - until I tried Cibo's house version. It was very good, definitely not from grandmas! Now for the pizza - it is just perfection. It has that amazing combination of char on the crust, crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside with the right balance of sauce and toppings. It almost melts in your mouth, it's not heavy at all. It's nice to go out for a pizza dinner with and app and dessert and not feel like you have to roll yourself out of the joint! So we finished our romantic mystery date night with a crepe filled with nutella, ricotta, AND a scoop of ice cream on top. I don't typically die over dessert, it's my boyfriends thing. I'm an app girl - but this, it wasn't too sweet, it was so gooey and delicious and the ice cream added just the right amount of sweetness. I would never eat here without dessert again! I have been for lunch and they can get you in and out in a little less than an hour, but they don't fire up the pizza oven till supper which is why I prefer that here. You will feel at home at this spot in a group or on a date - hell, maybe even a mystery one :)
This is my favorite restaurant in Phoenix! The ambiance and decor is amazing. There is a lovely patio with large trees and lights all around. It is very intimate and romantic. The pizza is scrumptious. My favorites are the Di Notte and Rustica with red sauce. I would eat here every night if I wasn't worried about my girlish figure! Last night, Paul and I tried the crepes with nutella and bananas with ice cream. I don't normally eat a lot of desserts, but I polished this one off! Sorry Paul! You can't go wrong with this place!!
One of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix! The ambience is lovely and magical. Indoor seating is nice if you want that homey downtown vibe, as it is located in an old house with fun creaky floors and warm mood lighting. Outdoor seating is my personal favorite. I have always gone on weekend nights so there is sometimes live (but not overwhelming) music and quaint lights wrapped around the trees surrounding the tables. And as though the ambience wasn't enough, oh my god the food! My favorite pizza the is the diavla (spell?) which is a spicy salami pizza, and it tastes like what dreams are made of... The crust is crispy and the ingredients taste fresh! And the dessert! I HIGHLY recommend ANY crepes. They don't mess around. Fluffly and not to sweet, and always a perfect compliment to the nutella or fruit or vanilla ice cream. Honestly, they could probably put a pork chop in one of their crepes, and it would still be fantastic. Hahaha. Perfect date night or girls night out or a good "show your parents from out of town an awesome place" restaurant. Only downside? The wait... But I can't say I don't understand why there is one, and believe me... It is WORTH the wait :)
It's taken me way too long to write about one of my all-time favorite restaurants in the Valley, Cibo. I love everything about it: the phenomenal pizza, the beautiful decor, the on-top-of-things servers and the charming neighborhood location -- it's a must-try, for sure! Cibo is in a historic home-turned-restaurant, with the most gorgeous twinkly light-lit patio (there are misters, so you can even sit here during the summer.) The interior is just as cute, with a small bar overlooking the open kitchen churning out perfect wood-fired pizzas. There's also an area that overlooks the backyard garden, and the rest of the inside seating is quaint and cozy -- you'll most likely be sat close to another table, so prepare to get intimate. The obvious menu draw here is the pizza, and they're pretty close to perfect. You can get pizzas for dinner (their lunch menu consists mostly of sandwiches and salads.) A single pizza alone is a huge meal for one (though I can happily finish one myself and still manage to gobble up some dessert), so consider splitting an appetizer and sharing a pie. My favorite kind to get is a simple Margherita pizza with olives added ($12.50). The dough is always my favorite consistency -- thin and soft and with crispy edges. The fresh basil is amazing -- I love it! Plan on having a crepe -- they're definitely a must-have if you go to Cibo. I love getting the Nutella and banana one and adding mascarpone and whipped cream to it, too ($10.50). Every bite is incredible, and it will have you coming back for more. The atmosphere combined with the mouthwatering food solidifies Cibo as one of my go-to restaurants. It's truly a Valley gem, and I hope it stays open forever!
My family and I went here for my birthday last night. Last year we went to Pomo Pizzeria and I wanted to go to another gourmet pizzeria. One bite into my Rustica pizza and I nearly died. The crust...so thin and soft! The cheese...so meltyl! The proscuitto....so salty and perfect!! 6 of us split 2 pesto salads (delicious), and 3 pizzas: the Rustica, Salsiccia and Margherita. The Rustica was my favorite, followed by the Margherita then Salsiccia. The cheese was just so....authentic. The service was delightful. When we arrived, I told them we had 6 people, and I am obviously very pregnant, so the owner was incredibly polite in making sure I was comfortable with where we were sitting and I was cool enough and everything. My only disappointment was that I didn't get any acknowledgement that it was my birthday, but oh well. That's the worst of it. Overall, it was delightful...and I'm looking forward to having a leftover slice of pie right now!!
You know how you have high expectations of a place. You've even been, but the wait was too long for you at the time. The reviews are off the wall and all your friends love it...but then...you go and are disappointed??? THIS IS SO NOT THE CASE. Cibo was a start for our fabulous evening downtown on my farewelll Phoenix tour (LOL!). We had dinner here before the Madonna concert and it was Fanfreakintastic! The place was humming with regulars and plenty of Madonna fans. Weather was perfect for al fresco dining. We sat comfortably at a table in back with impeccable service by a new server named Kim. She rocked our meats and cheeses. Literally. We ordered the appetizer of meat, cheeses, nuts and fruit. For $19 it was really a steal and fed us four Madonna fans well. The homemade mozzeralla was TDF...the proscuitto, bread, olives, goat cheese, grilled veggies...MOUTHGASM! Of course we had to have a pizza and the Margherita pizza sang to us!!! Crust was perfection, pillowy and crunchy with the soft cheese, tangy sauce and fresh basil. We were indeed doing the happy food dance. Which was a great excercise as we danced our tails off several hours later. So the food was much needed fuel. Ambience was as charming as everyone has mentioned. Cibo. First date. I will squeeze in another if you'll have me. Maybe I'll even kiss you good night and good bye!
Cibo is the CUTEST eatery I have ever been to in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area. My boyfriend and I happened to be in the area, and turned to our trusty pal Yelp for some assistance. With four and a half stars and over 500 reviews, this place definitely caught our attention. Located just minutes away from Downtown Phoenix, we were almost deterred away when we found Cibo located next to residential properties. But when we walked in, we were definitely down. It looks like a little tucked away cottage, something you wouldn't find next to the city. The place is literally built in a refurbished little home. We walked in and were seated immediately. The menu was a tad difficult to understand, but wasn't that much of a deterrent, as we used yelp photos as our guide. My only complaint is that they don't serve pizza until 5 p.m., but that wasn't really a big deal, as we made choices on the menu regardless. I got the cous cous salad and the boyfriend got the meatball sandwich with chips. Cous Cous salad came with fresh spring mix lettuce, diced grape tomatoes, pine nuts, cous cous, onions, and some other ingredients, and was dressed in a light lemon dressing. The dressing really was refreshing and light, but the salad itself was super filling and extremely flavorful! I would recommend it! The meatball sandwich was really delicious as well. The meatballs seemed authentic and fresh, and it came with melted cheese and warm marinara sauce in between the crispy, yummy bread. The bread that they served on the side of the entrees wasn't bad at all-- but it was served cold, which wasn't very appetizing, so I only ate one piece. Service is friendly and helpful, and unique. I like places that allow their employees to dress how they wish. It adds a homey flare to the restaurant. We definitely need to return for dinner on their cozy little patio! When I'm in the Downtown area again, I'll make sure to stop by at Cibo
Great pizza. Great atmosphere. Very good service. Awesome dessert too! Highly recommend the chocolate Nutella crapes!
It's not often when you have high expectations for a first time visit , and the staff and food EXCEEDED those expectations from Karen , Melissa and the friendly bartender and ! Try the white pizza with salami - ( DiNotte ) out of this world , great salads - all fresh ingredients!!
Delicious. They have this multi-cheese pizza (3? 4?) don't quite remember - but it was fantastic. Only problem is that the place can get crowded and loud. Tables are really close together. Wish they offered takeout, but in the meantime, I'll keep heading over for their homemade mozzarella. Husband loves it too. I hear they have a fantastic wine selection as well, but I don't drink so I can't review that specifically.
relaxed atmosphere. great brunch!
What a very pleasant surprise. This is a converted house in the middle of a quiet residential neighborhood turned into a pizza place. Tables are scattered inside and on the front patio, where there were beautiful white lights and live music. Red sauce pizza was fantastic!!
Great place! Sunday brunch is always enjoyable, sitting on the patio, under the tree. Everything is shareable (which is nice to try a few things). Have been going for years
Lovely restaurant with great outdoor seating. I am addicted to the meatball sandwich!
This place was so cute! I wish it was nicer outside to be able to sit outside on the patio. The food was great! It is a hidden gem! Their appetizers with fresh mozzarella was amazing! I had their pizza with no sauce and it was delicious! I will be coming back here again.
The food is OK, but their patio makes it a 5 star. Love it!
Cibo is delicious! I especially love their dessert crepes. They have good service and a great atmosphere!
Great Bistro Pie - See Photos...
Best place gluten free pizza that we have ever had as we travel across the country!
I wish there was one in LA!! I went to AZ to visit a friend and I fell in love with this place! I kept on wanting to go back everyday but my friend was being a cheapie because it's not the cleverest thing to eat out all the time. Regardless, I really enjoyed my time there. The staff was great. I loved my dishes and especially the burrata appetizer. It was amazing. I got a pizza and added prosciutto. Excellent in everything. We finished with a shot of lemoncello (I don't know how to spell it) but its vodka infused with lemon and it was amazing but hella strong. I want a Cibo in LA!
This place is adorable, the staff give great service and the food is delicious. What's not to love!?
Our new favorite find on yelp! Amazing food, great little place, will be back every time we go downtown for an event. The pizza and desserts were the BEST. Loved everything about this place, a must try restaurant.
Cibo's is such a fantastic experience, AND you have the bonus of a great food as well. My family and I frequently eat brunch on Sunday mornings. There is a variety of options available to meet the varied needs of our large party, and there is an ambiance which is so relaxing and filled with life all at the same time. Whether I've gone there in the morning, afternoon, or evening, the experience is never the same, except for attending service, exceptional food, and frequently live entertainment. You will not be disappointed in your experience and meal at Cibo's.
YUMM! Fun environment and it was nice to split a pizza and fancy salad with some friends!
Awesome music , out or inside atmosphere the food and dessert are fabulous ! Yummie Waiter give excelent service !
What else do you need to know? Go check it out! Fez is a cool place to drink and app, it's that simple. It's a place you keep going back to. I join the ranks of reviews who were there for a Yelp event and they nailed it. I think you can call that the mark of great service, can you handle a huge group. It's restaurant service on steroids. Cool inside, cool outside, good food, good drinks. I like the "partitioned" style of the place, the big bar/lounge area, the tables area, and the outside, good.... Good!
What more can be said about Fez? In short it's a fantastic restaurant in Central Phoenix with yummy-looking waiters, attentive bartenders, delicious food, and the magnificant Thomas S.! A few Saturday nights ago, my husband and I stopped in Fez for dinner. I had the rosemary chicken sandwich and the rosemary and garlic fries (instead of the side salad)...I am still dreaming about my meal. The portion size was right-on (just the right number of fries) and I liked how the sandwich wasn't super thick. My husband had a few bites and he loved it as well. He had the the lemon caper tilapia and the sweet potato fries. He ate every bite and gave it his seal of approval. I've also tried the pesto caesar salad for lunch and it was really good as well. The half size was perfect for me. Fez has a great atmosphere and is a great place to pop into just for a drink or two. We've sat at the bar a few times and the bartender remembered us from the first time and even remembered what beer I had been drinking. Little things like that really impress me and why Fez gets five stars from this girl.
This place is the epitome of GREAT customer service. Other restaurants should send their staff here for training, on how to treat customers. We showed up at 7pm on a Thursday night. We knew there would probably be a wait. As we waited we saw the staff re-arrange tables so we wouldn't have to wait too long, Wow. As we were being seated the host noticed the table a little wobbly and fixed it right there on the spot, before we even got seated, another WOW!!. The food here is always good, we mostly have kisras when we come, however I thought I would venture out and try something new. I had the bleu cheese balsamic burger, which I hail it to be as probably one of the best burgers I have had. The wife had her usual shrimp kisra, which is always good. Our glasses of water were always full, the staff is very attentive. So the kicker, we pay our bill and are already in our car leaving, when our server flags us down, we forgot our leftover boxes at the table, WOW, WOW!!!! I am infamous for forgetting our boxes at restaurants, this is the first time a server made an attempt to make sure I didn't forget them. I will definitely recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a PERFECT experience in dining. Thank you FEZ!
Yep, FEZ is awesome. Great friendly service, excellent eats, good drinks, atmosphere that doesn't quit. Five stars - perfect hangout spot.
Fez is like a hip Los Angeles restaurant, only the servers are actually friendly. And while the plates on the menu run about $15, they've got plenty of hidden specials they pimp on Facebook and Twitter. Gotta put on a nice shirt before I head over, but that's the price you pay for the upscale digs. While the (still amazing) Fez Burger isn't quite as good as Delux, the cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries are in a whole different league. You'll want to order these every visit, even if it's brunch. Speaking of brunch, try the Fez Omelet. It's stuffed with grilled lamb, herbed goat cheese and grilled peppadews, a pepper you really must get to know. The short draft list usually includes a Sam Adams beer and Kona's Fire Rock, but I worry that their biggest seller is Stella Artois (nobody's perfect). I'm a fan of their grapefruit-heavy vodka drink, even though it's a little embarrassing to order a "G Spot."
I work downtown and FEZ is one of my favorite places for lunch. The services is always fast, friendly and helpful. The food is consistently great! I love the menu which has a nice variety of some unique items. Try the Apricot BBQ as a wrap and grilled. Delish!
clearly FEZ doesn't need another review, but i wanted to chime in about the veggie burger. i wish i didn't work three minutes from FEZ because when i forget my lunch that's all i can dream about. so, alas, the black bean veggie burger has been consumed more times than should be legal. the burger is sandwiched between a delicious cabbage coleslaw and goat cheese. it can't be the healthiest thing around, but it's certainly one of the most delicious. the drink specials are phenomenal; just wish i could enjoy a few on my lunch hour! keep up the delicious work, FEZ.
I had an amazing evening. I started the night with a Pomegranate Margarita.This drink is unbelievable!!!. I also had an amazing shrimp in a lobster sauce Pizza with Spinach. The staff was friendly and I felt catered to. I stayed 3 hours with a friend and the prices were reasonable. I will gladly recommend this restaurant for anyone and will continue to visit this location while in Phoenix.
Always a favorite. That's why it was my first choice when thinking of a place to invite all my friends to while I was visiting from San Francisco. Great service on a busy Saturday night. They have great happy hour specials, as well as, daily specials. The drinks and food is outstanding and the prices are reasonable. Pertfect for pre or post event gatherings.
I know, I've been remiss in my yelping. But this one is worth making the time to write for. Quite possibly my new favorite restaurant: FEZ. We tried it on recommendation of a friend and I'm so glad we did. It was difficult to make a choice from the menu- it all sounded interesting and fabulously yummy. Since my recent discovery of a dairy allergy eating out has become something of a pain for me, but on this menu I had trouble finding stuff I *couldn't eat. The waitress was really nice and on top of things- even came back to suggest I might want to grill my chicken instead of leaving it fried since there's a tiny bit of cheese in the breading. (Good catch! And appreciated!) The food was presented beautifully and there was enough to keep both of us full and happy. And did I mention how amazing our dinners were? I can't wait to go back and try more from their menu. Definitely as good as it gets.
Great salads and very garlicky (in a good way) hummus. Do try the G Spot; this pomegranate and grapefruit based drink ain't virgin (1 will do the trick) and is only $3 in the afternoons. Great outdoor seating, too--especially if you aren't used to AZ's amazing weather.
Excellent food and friendly attentive staff. Blue cheese balsamic burger is rich and pretty messy, but oh so tasty. I love that a side salad comes standard and that you need to pay extra for the fattening fries (I chose not to do so, yay me!). Good stuff.
Love love love love love!!! $23.00 for 3 drinks and 2 of their awesome "bowls" at the bar! We ordered the FEZ fondue and the Gyro bowl. I was overwhelmed by all of the flavors of the Gyro bowl. That is probably one of the best things I've eaten in 2011! The drink of the evening was the G-Spot...some fruity red grapefruit concoction that was just spectacular. It was only $3 so we went for it. It was so so good! The restaurant itself is ultra-modern, in what seemed to be a somewhat odd location but I don't know Phoenix that well, so I can't confirm that. The service was spectacular and people watching was equally impressive. Great great restaurant. I highly recommend it!!!
Along with Bliss, FEZ is another one of my fav brunch spots. They have $3 specialty drinks (mimosas, bloody marys, bellinis...). The service is always quick and the servers are always attentive and very patient with my ridiculous modifications. They have a drink called a "g-spot" and it is fresh grapefruit, grapefruit juice, ruby red vodka and soda. It is unbelievable and on thursdays they are $3 (i think) The menu is different with kasras and stylish burgers but somehow we always fill up on the appetizers. The cheese fondue and the little pyllo pockets are my favs. Ive never been disappointed at FEZ and I absolutely will continue to recommend it and go back! (Thanks thomas for the corrections!)
So good, came here last week finally with my wife and kids. Place is not what I would call kid friendly but I found myself wanting to drop my kids off at the McDonald's next door for a few hours, jk (I don't want CPS coming to my house for that joke). I had the FEZ burger which is just the most flavorful burger ever while being the most unique burger I have ever eaten. It had BBQ, pears.....and I cant remember but it was flipping awesome. It is very modern inside, my wife loved her salad, and our friend had a great tasting sandwich. Kids ate chicken fingers from the bar menu and some sliders from the appetizer menu. All was delish, will come again and ditch the kids first. (remember, this is a joke)
We've been coming here for five years. This place never disappoints. In the past year (?) they've refreshed their menu and it is even better than the old one. Their burgers are simply the best in the Valley and the Fez Burger is a wonderful combo of sweet-and-salty-in-your mouth. Their Hummus is incredible; seriously garlicky and served with fresh veggies. I'm in love with their Pistachio Cesar Salad. Their drink specials are amazing and that Apricot Margarita is to die for. Recently we were in Boulder CO and tried to find a good burger and couldn't. So on the way home from the airport we grabbed a burger here. Yay! We got our burger fix. And you've got to love the vibrant atmosphere.
Food is amazing. Service is great. Great atmosphere. Definitely a good place to check out for a nice classy menu that is filling and not over priced.
If you go to a place and have a great time every time you go what other choice do you have but to give them a fiver right? Love this place. Whenever I'm in AZ I seem to end up here. The menu is fun, playful and loaded with tempting bits. The bar cranks out wonderfully interesting libations meant to refresh as well as knock the edge off. Last but not least my favorite bar tender ever Sarah serves you a big ol glass of sexy funny sass. Love that ginger kid!
So good, so hip...I feel like I am not cool enough to eat/drink here but with food like that I can't/won't stay away. Love the tomato salad and the fez burger.
I'm a HUGE fan of this place, but its probably because I'm slightly obsessed with the Fez burger--best burger in town! The service has always been decent, and I love their martini selection. Great patio as well...lots of fun to people watch when the weather is nice.
A coworker of mine invited me to lunch here and I'm so glad she did. I brought my husband here a few weeks later and he fell in love with the place too. He actually gets cravings for their Douxelle Burger. The staff is always friendly. Occasionally the service is a little slower than desired but those occasions are rare. Depending upon my mood I rotate between the Fez salad (cinnamon marinated pears on field greens with dried cherries), the veggie burger and the Pesto Caesar salad. Sometimes we order the sweet potato fries if we feel like it. Last time I was there they had this special which was a grilled cheese panini with gouda and a bowl of soup (I got the carrot and squash - yum!). There are enough options that I can find a good variety. Sometimes my husband goes on a diet and decides to cut out carbs - when we come here the kitchen always gets his special requests right! Another plus! Their happy hour specials are great too - they usually have a special $3 cocktail of the day. The pomegranate vodka is great and I don't like vodka so that's saying something.
Yummy! Ordered a half size of the Barcelona butterleaf salad. Half size was plenty for me. Everything was very fresh. A great salad on a hot day. Also tried that casablanca chicken sandwich. All the ingredients in the sandwich (chicken, pomegranate vinaigrette, goat cheese, sliced pears, dired cherries & field greens on ciabatta) went perfectly together. The sweet potato fries and whatever their sauce that goes with it (or was the sauce for the sandwich?... whatever) was also scrumptious.
If you hate living in Phoenix, go to Fez & you will feel like you are somewhere else! Great food & drinks, funky atmosphere. I've never had a bad experience at Fez.
This is my favorite veggie burger of all time. Black bean and cumin is the perfect combo for the patty. I order it without a lot of the toppings (it has some non-vegan stuff like aoli and some kind of cheese) but get extra basil-lime salad dressing on the side and dip in that. The sweet potato fries are my favorite and they have good tea. I love that they are open until midnight! The atmosphere is fun, staff is extremely friendly and the owners are wonderful, too.
Love, love, love this place.
I pass this place all the time on my way to work, and finally had a chance to try it. The portions are generous, and the food is incredible! After tasting several dishes and appetizers, I couldn't find a single thing I didn't absolutely love (the sweet potato fries are the best I've had). And on top of everything, the service was quick and went above and beyond many other restaurants. Can't wait to come back!
Nice night for cocktails. Once there again last night very attentive Great staff, it was just enough people in there to get the excellent Service hummus is too vicious and so was that pizza and the drinks are delicious, Good service, Good stuff, Great atmosphere, Come check it out.
My first visit here was immediately following the Phoenix Pride Parade so I am not sure if this was the usual crowd, but my goodness there were a lot of shots being served to the tables around me at 1 in the afternoon. The food was absolutely outstanding. The flavors of my gyro with spinach, tomatoes, feta, cheese, etc on top of a crispy pita in the style of a pizza mixed perfectly. I cannot wait to go back, hopefully with all my new friends I met that day. They were a friendly bunch!
Fez, has been here in downtown Phoenix for quite a few years now. It is located right next door to one of my favorite Fed EX stores. It is always busy, and with good reason. It is really a pretty good place to go and spend some time. It is a great location, though if you are coming from the West or North it is a bit tricky to get to the other side of the street with the light rail right there. Once you do then, the tough part is finding parking. Best to go to the far back. The staff here is friendly and the food is pretty good. They have all kinds of specials all the time. Tuesday,(the last time I went ) has great happy hour Martinis. I do not really drink Martinis ,but this time I did. $4.00 pretty good I think. They even deliver now, at least around the area.
Walking distance from my office. Love the vipe, love the food.
I love Mamma Mia's! The pizza never disappoints and the salads are always fresh. I had the chicken fettucinne once and it practically melted in my mouth. They have an extensive menu to include antipasta and authentic desserts. I always get delivery but recently I decided to check out the actual interior. The "dining area" consists of one small table and then an L shape bar that faces the store front and a wall so you will want to either carry out or deliver.
Truly a slice of heaven.... I was hungry, hadn't had lunch, and quickly popped into Mamma Mia's for a slice. It's unfathomable that something so delicious could be so inexpensive. An enormous slice of NY style pizza for $1.50, plus a quarter per topping. I was in a mushroom mood, and it was just fabulous. The sauce and crust are so good -- and it's got just the right amount of cheese -- enough that gives you the "cheese stretchies" that you want, but without impeding the flavors of the toppings and sauce. I haven't tried their sandwiches or pasta yet -- but I plan on it. The people working there are also super friendly. The only thing that is a bummer is that it's pretty small, so don't plan on bringing a big group. Otherwise, I just can't say enough good things about their pizza!
I've eatin' a lot of pizza and can say without worries that Mama Mia's is the Best I've had -- Consistency, value and great service sets them apart -- They also have the best take out wings in town!!!!
This place is damn good. They used to have a pastrami sandwich that was to die for, but it is no longer available. Saddened I got a cheesesteak that was one of the best in memory. SOLID. I've never had the pizza so can't speak to that, but the sandwiches are proper. Note that there are very few places to sit. You order at the counter. No table service or anything. Enjoy.
best pizza around- coming from a guy who grew up in NJ- i know what i'm talking about.
Took two girlfriends here who had never been here...everything was perfect. I got the Filet Mignon which is smothered in green and red peppers and onions and placed on a corn tortilla which is covered in cheese with fresh slices of avocado with a side of black beans and rice pilaf! While my friends had the new york strip steak and the some other 3 cheese entree. The food was all amazing the service was excellent. I finally got to see the Mariachi player play guitar and enjoyed the ambiance of this place very much...I almost didn't want to Yelp about this place...and wanted to keep it a secret...but I would rather that people go all carrot mob on this place so it stays in business. One of the best places I have been to eat in phoenix. Truly deserving of it's five stars rating.
I love this place so much. What the hell is going on. Sign did change for a hot minute this year. But now the sign is back to Asi Es La Vida and the doors are chained and the phone number doesn't work. WTF??? my favorite restaurant. Please someone tell me they're remodeling and not closed. WHAT'S THE SCOOP!?!?!?!?
I visited Phoenix and tried about 5 different Mexican restaurants, and this by far was the best one- fresh, hearty, and reasonably priced. They had absolutely delicious, freshly squeezed juices- Cantaloupe, Pineapple, and Watermelon- they topped it off all the time, absolutely great. We also got their guacamole which was good with cheese on top. Their chips were stone-ground thick and grainy, crunchy chips (not the thin, oily chips I've gotten elsewhere) and their red chipotle and green pico de gallo sauces were thick, creamy, and super fresh (not like I've had at other places). They all tasted lke they were just made in mortle, pestle, and blender in their kitchen. I got their Filet Mignon with melted cheese on the bottom of the plate and sauteed veggies on top. Very good, meat was very soft and cooked perfectly, worked well with a good combo of cheeses and the veggies. Came with flavorful, soft rice and beans- all worked very well together. My co-eaters got the duo stews (with chicken and pork) and something else which they both loved. It's decorated well with lots of festive colors. Go visit this place and support it!
Wow, this is a really great Mexican restaurant. I first went there about a year ago and was quite impressed. Tried it again with my wife and friends this time and everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meal. I'll try to come back to this place each time I'm back in the Phoenix area!
My husband and I had the pleasure of eating dinner here recently. I have to say the fish was very fresh and delicious. My husband and I both knew it was going to be a pricey night but we also both said "You get what you pay for". We spoke with the owner and he was very attentive as was the wait staff. We both enjoyed our sushi and I have to say the combo my husband had was delicious as well. I had to try it. My favorite was the Crazyhorse Roll. All I can say is YUMMY! And the Philly Roll was really good too. If you want some really good sushi you have to check this place out. The cost is so worth it!
This is a monthly outing for our family; the food is really perfect. We have never been disappointed and we have tried sushi all over the country for sure. I would highly recommend the ASU roll. Also they have an Atkins roll that is great if you are watching your carbs.
Probably my favorite patio in the valley. I absolutely love meeting friends for a great brunch, lunch, or even dinner on their patio. Their food is always very good and the drinks never disappoint. Try the white sangria with brunch- full of good fruit and a fabulous way to get your day going. No, it isn't a "cheap" place, but ya get what you pay for. Sometimes when you want good food, you are going to pay a little bit extra. I always leave Chelsea's a happy customer!
Well, it happened. Somewhere along the way, I turned 23. It happened without fanfare, or angels descending from the heavens with rare Tori Amos bootlegs. In fact, it passed quietly, with a certain stately dignity, marked only by the receipt of some not-so-modest gifts and some co-workers taking me (and a few other co-workers with October birthdays) to Chelsea's Kitchen for lunch. Oh, and my boyfriend baked me a cake. And decorated it. And is the most wonderful and amazing boyfriend, ever. But this isn't his review, so the lovebird shout-outs stop here. I promise. Chelsea's Kitchen is just "the cuteness." I know that, unlike my birthday, the phrase "the cuteness" is devoid of all dignity. I know this. But, the fact remains: Chelsea's Kitchen is "the cuteness." The landscaping and decorative touches outside, (the little pond! the lovely patio), to the bright and rich interior...I pretty much knew I'd like it when we were walking up. Note: many reviews mention that it is a cutthroat parking situation during lunchtime. My work caravan arrived at around 12:15, and parking was easy. Maybe we were lucky. Maybe it's not actually that bad most of the time. I don't know! Our waiter was friendly and courteous, and attentive without being overbearing. He kept the Arnold Palmers coming, which was much appreciated. Speaking of the Arnold Palmers, they were awesome. I know it's just lemonade and iced tea with a wrinkled little mint leaf floating on top, but, damn. I was hitting them, and I was hitting them hard. I might've just been in a cheery mood and feeling overly generous, but they were totally the tastiest Arnold Palmers I've ever had. I eat red meat very sparingly, but the Green Chile Burger was too tempting to pass up. And, guess what. I ordered it...medium well! My mother instilled me with a fear of Ecoli so strong and persistent that I have never ordered a burger or any other cut of meat without making sure that it would be "well done." This was a momentous occasion, but I kept my triumph to myself. Why share my crazy with my innocent co-workers? Gotta save this weird shit for Yelp. The burger was delicious. I don't really even like burgers, and I thought it was super tasty. The fries are seasoned, crisp, and equally tasty. Paired with an Arnold Palmer from the gods, I was a happy little birthday clam. The desserts were tempting, but we were all stuffed and ready to head back to the daily grind. Even the kids menu looked pretty good. PBJ sushi? Cuteness! "The cuteness," to be exact. Pricey for lunch, but worth it, I think. I can't wait to bring my boyfriend.
I have to say literally every time I dine here I have a wonderful experience! The food is consistently delicious, fun atmosphere, beautiful restaurant and great service, what else can you ask for? The pan-fried chicken with the sweet, cinnamon roll thing, are you kidding me? so good! The chips and guacamole is always a crowd pleaser. If you go on the weekend prepare to wait but stop by the inside/outside bar and grab a margarita and it's all good. I don't usually get dessert but our party decided to split a few and the red velvet cake was to die for! Key Lime pie pretty darn delicious too! If you haven't been to Chelsea's stop what you're doing and go, now!
Great place! Monica at the bar was extremely attentive, Nicole was terrific at the table everything was spot on! Had the Guac and chips which were great, then a spinach salad and short rib with the egg. The short rib could have used a touch more sauce but all and all everything was very good. My friend had the chicken and also thought it was the shit. The restaurant was cosy with the fireplace and well dressed milf's prancing around. Just how I remembered it =) party on!
How to begin AMAZING! I had lunch here on Sunday. Because I was dining alone I sat at the bar that opened onto a beautiful patio. Was such a nice day outside. I was greeted by a very friendly and knowledgeable bar tender. Everything on the menu looked so good I couldn't make up my mind, so I asked for help. After some wonderful suggestions I went with the GRILLED AHI TUNA taco plate. The fish was seared to perfection with a side of black beans and rice. The tacos came with hand made tortillas, spicy aioli sauce, fresh guacamole and chipotle salsa. I topped it all off with a fantastic margarita. This is my new favorite place!
Good food and outstanding service! At first I thought the menu was to random but everything we got was really good! Kelly our server was really nice and made our "date" night perfect!
I own a business in south Scottsdale and being a foodie, I am always very concerned about people's dining experiences, especially if they are from out of town. I am a self-appointed concierge! lol.. but seriously... nothing worse than getting sent to a crappy restaurant. So, there area a # of restaurants that I just love. To me, a restaurant is good if 1/ the food is good and 2/ the food is good all the time. And I want atmosphere. Oh, and a hot server wouldn't hurt either. Ha! Well, that last is a wish but ... anyhow, I love Chelseas. I have never gone there and had a bad experience. The food is consistently good. I think too it is a good sign when you walk in a restaurant and the air is just redolent with heavenly cooking smells. I always get the same thing n foodwise there but it is always tasty.. the fish tacos. They have a wide array of types of tacos you can get and there are actually two types of fish tacos.. ahi tuna and swordfish. They are deconstructed.. meaning.. you put them together yourself. My favorite is the swordfish.. yummy! The only weird thing that I have seen is that lately, they have done away with the beans and rice side and replaced it with a kale salad. I am like.. what??? How is kale Mexican? But you can request the beans and rice. The other thing that is funny are the small baby tacos. I guess that is the trend but they crack me up. Literally, my wine glass was bigger. Other items that friends have gotten that I would recommend are the short ribs with poached egg and the roasted chicken. One last thing: I can never make it out of there without taking a cookie (or two!) from the dessert plate by the door. What a nice touch! And they are soo tasty.. soft chocolate chip with sea salt on top. BTW.. the sea salt is inspired! So.. go there. And the plus is that they do have some hot waiters!
Went back again and surprisingly they recognized us, how awesome is that!?. We ordered the Howie Burger with fries and let me tell you...any Midwesterner will reminisce of a BBQ flavored Jay's potato chip when they eat the fries which when dipped in ketchup becomes this Cajun spiced goodness that took me by surprise. We also ordered the Rib eye taco platter, the kale salad had a medley of flavors and was very good and the meals once again were surprisingly great.
I decided the November trip was a fluke and was back here for work and held an important meeting at Chelsea's Kitchen. It's fun to see locals bewildered by how good this place is as they never seem to know about it. Being in Santa Monica and being blessed with the Sister Restaurant, "The Misfit", I knew the Ahi Tartar and Kale Salad would be a perfect lunch. Service was much better and I love the ambiance. There's still no wifi, but I brought my portable hotspot. And, yes I got a cookie!
I waited wayyyyy too long to come here. This place is sooooooo good. First of all, the patio. Big patio fan and this one is awesome. Lots of flowers and they were playing really good, chill music, and it helped that it was a beautiful day. We split the Del Mar salad and the Howie Burger and loved every bite of both. Also, I got a prickly pear margarita that was equal parts pretty and delicious. Every plate that came past us looked really good and I can't wait to go for brunch some time. Also, service was great and staff was friendly.
Great wait-staff, always friendly. Food is superb. They keep the menu small, so they can use fresh ingredients and unique items. I have not had anything here that wasn't above average. Short ribs are great. It is small, poplular and they do not take reservations. My wife and I's favorite place to eat dinner now.
Perfect experience...wait shorter than they predicted, exemplary service and the food was great. I had the rib eye steak which was outstanding. Prices are fair.
My mom points to this random restaurant as I'm driving and says "I've always wanted to take you there" I replied "really why" she said quickly "I took your brother and he really liked the baked MAC and cheese" as I'm pulling a U-turn I say "you can't take my brothers to something you're suppose to take me to first-momcode" Of course I had to try the baked MAC and cheese but we also got the cheviche appetizer and two Shirley temples. The baked MAC and cheese was delicious and had the perfect texture to it. It's rather greasy but that to me shows they're using top notch cheese! Coming from a gal with Wisconsin blood (thanks to my pops and dad) I can appreciate a good cheese! The cheviche was perfect I had to try it as it had fresh avocado-which I'm a sucker for! The chips were cooked JUST right I even used them for my MAC and cheese. Now the famous Shirley temple yes that drink you got when you were younger to "appear" as if you had a mixed drink. Well I'm well over drinking age but a Shirley temple. Sounded refreshing and delicious and the waitress caught my smile when she brought me an old school glass sprite bottle. It was an enjoyable meal my mom appreciated that I wanted to try it and liked it. To her I say "I'll pay the tab as long as you keep this our mother DAUGHTER restaurant "
I had lunch here with some business associates last week and will have to say that the ambience and the food were both excellent. I had the Ahi tacos which I highly recommend and don't bother getting dessert they have these wonderful cookies at the front counter when you're leaving. Our waitress was excellent great service nice atmosphere can't beat it.
The food here is worth all of the negatives- the wait, the service, the atmosphere. Sometimes you just need that hearty breakfast to start your day, and Palatte just won't succeed. I recommend everything here. Seriously, everything. Especially the Daily Specials.
Place is crazy good. Breakfast favorites that don't skimp on flavor...or saturated fats. Isn't that what breakfast is all about. If you're only going to eat out breakfast a few times a month, this is the spot. Don't be fooled by other Phoenix Yelp haters..."too loud", "not worth the price", "I want to love this place, but...", same old tired reviews left at all of PHX's favorite restaurants. Check this place out, grab a coffee while you wait, and hope the Matt wants to expand the operation.
I am 26 years old and I've had a lot of good breakfasts, but I can honestly say this was the best breakfast I've ever had! We waited 45 minutes at 10 am on a Sunday morning and it was SO worth the wait! The bacon was semi-sweet, super thick, and had peppery spices on it. The eggs were fluffy and were so good they did not need salt. The potatoes had rosemary or lavendar or something and were amazing. My husband had the steak, it was phenomenal, my bro and sis in law had pancakes that were the best I've ever tasted. This meal was so good it was almost erotic. Hubby and I slept all day after. Eat there.
Went in today for lunch, and ordered the AM special. The special was originally a 3 egg scramble with provolone cheese, ham, and fresh locally grown organic spinach. I subbed out the ham for their amazing bacon, and this was definitely a treat! I got this with white toast and their delicious home fries (they're the best I have ever had). It's too bad Matt's doesn't open more locations around the valley. I really wish they had one closer to Scottsdale/ Tempe. I would be there 4 times a week!
I have been a fan of Matt's for the last 3 years. I go there at least once a week to meet with my circle of friends. Ernie the owner has become a great friend and is an awesome example of someone who has connected with the culture of urban Phoenix. The only drawback which is also Matt's strength is that it is a small place good for only groups of 4 or so. I have had Matt's all to myself with bigger groups of 20 but it requires planning ahead. I suggest going with either the Hog and Chick or try the waffles.
Worth the 30 minute wait in 105 deg Phoenix!! Everything is fabulous! Had the bacon & eggs (Hog & Chick)...absolutely best bacon & eggs I've ever had. High quality food and I'm not even a breakfast person. Griddle cakes were fluffy and delicious. Homemade bread for their toast and fresh farmers market cherry jam for spread.
My favorite breakfast place. Love the food, love the prices, love the decor. But... HATE THE WAIT. They know me. My wife and I bring our two small kids here every week or two. But our AVERAGE wait time, sitting in front on nice modernist benches, is about 25 minutes. It sucks. I wish they would get rid of two rows of parking, put up an overhead tent with heaters/misters. But I think the fact that people have to wait actually increases the love of the place? Strange, huh. Food is delicious. I love the aged cheese omelet. Go for the home fries, which are delicious and dusted with fresh rosemary, over the overly buttery hash browns. Almost everything on the menu is perfect. My kids do a single pancake, perfectly cooked, with great syrup. Their bread may be the best part. Fresh, thick cut bread with butter and fresh jam/jelly. Look, it's a slightly upscale "diner food" that is well worth every $ you spend and every calorie you consume. I hate to give a good review... what if even MORE people come and my wait is even LONGER... :(
Local owned, Local Grown this place is all the hype and more. We ride our cruisers here for breakfast and even before we get in for work. Why? This place has a warm feel to it and the food is AWESOME! They have daily egg specials that are remarkable. The Honey Lemonade is fresh and like no other in town. It gets busy so get in early and put your name in the notepad at the door. I would not recommend for large parties, because they are very small. Steak and Eggs every Sunday.
Long wait but amazing food!!! The five spot sandwich, hash browns, and bacon was the best!
The french toast is RIDICULOUSLY delicious. I love Matt's! Definitely one of my favorite breakfast places in Phoenix.
Very impressed w the food, just know b4 hand the wait was almost and hour long and this was on a Thursday b4 noon. I can see why people will wait. The downfall is that now when I have breakfast, the first thing that I think is "matts, is the best breakfast place I have ever been too" :p Can't wait to be back! Ps Guy from dives and diners was there! :D
if u want awsome pancakes... then come here.. but,get ready to wait for a table,and wait outside in the heat for 40mins!!! but,worth all the wait!!!
I don't even know what the hell I had because it was soooo dang good that I ate it all and went into a food-itis coma instantly. Nah just kidding about the memory but totally serious about the food coma. We checked this place out on an off day and it was still pretty populated. Breakfast anytime CAN NOT BEAT THAT!!! My bro and I got the the same platter which was the special of the day. Linguisa with sourdough toast, hash browns, home fries, eggs, homemade preserves!!! Everything was SPECTACULAR! Like seriously!!! It was a very homey and neighborhood feel to the restaurant with super excellent service. Ninja water and coffee refills, great timing and check ups! I think that it was part of our server as well but she was magnificent as well. The overall experience was really enjoyable and I'll definately be back!
Good waffles!
For years I drove past this place... and a good analogy would be don't judge a book by it's cover, or a restaurant by the bus stop in front of it. When I finally did stop in for dinner I kicked myself for not visiting sooner. The Ong's are amazing people and are always really welcoming and nice. They even ask about my daughter if I don't have her with me... and it's not like I'm in every day. You open the door to a happy cat giving the high five and it only gets better. This place is clean, clean, clean. You could eat off the floor clean. Yes, Asian food can be high in calories, and if you are one of those people that count them, then this is the place for you. They have the freshest vegetables for stir fry (the buffet is always beautiful) and they can stir them up healthy and low cal for you in a jiffy. Or if you are old school you can kick it fried with a sweet and sour sauce. It is the best of both worlds and they have something for everyone, even a kids menu. My daughter loves the honey chicken with white rice. And I swear, the most expensive thing on the menu is the lobster and at $15 dollars... well, need I say more. Most lunch items are $6.95 and they pop it up to $7.95 for dinner. It is almost crowded at lunch and all sorts of smart people can be found eating there. Dinner is a little quieter, but on a third or fourth date this spot can be a great place to eat and converse and it won't dent your wallet. No one rushing you out and it's quiet in a nice way. They also serve beer and wine (happy hour is 4 to 7) and they have a soda fountain so you can help yourself or the server will top you off... especially at dinner when it isn't as crowded. This is really a mom and pop place and they take pride in all they do. If you are looking for hip/franchise (drive) move along. This is a one of a kind place with regulars. My favorite dish is their Mu Shu wrap which includes all the yummy deliciousness of the traditional Chinese dish wrapped in a tasty tortilla. I'm pretty sure this is the only place that has a Chinese/burrito and it is fantastic (I can barely finish half of it.) My only complaint could be that the servings are huge or to put it nicely very, very generous. It is all a part of the awesome hospitality of the place so I don't hold it against them, but you won't be able to leave without a take out bag (because you wouldn't want to hurt Mr. Ong's feelings.) Take out is quick, their food is great for the price, and if you happen to be a bus rider the nearest bus stop is only a few steps away. They have a web site with coupons sometimes, so check them out on-line before you go. So u d kui l!
Mu Shu is the go-to place for lunch/dinner take out. They have a menu, but why would you bother? The build-your-own stir fry is the way to go. Take your choice of chicken, shrimp, and whatever else they have... choices of sauce (go for the spicy garlic), and noodles, white or brown rice. Then grab a bowl and stuff in as many veggies as you can. The veggie bar is immaculate, and you can tell they use the freshest ingredients: onions, broccoli, bean sprouts, watercress, kale, tofu, green peppers, mushrooms, tomatoes, spinach, and probably 5 others I got. I usually go with chicken, light spicy garlic sauce, and white rice. It runs me about $7, and I end up saving half of it for a second meal. The take-out service is super quick, and the staff couldn't be friendly. It only took two take-outs to become a regular. Be sure to ask for a stir-fry card (I believe its 11th one free), as you will be using it!
This place is a hidden gem. Have been passing it for years and finally went a couple of times and was very very pleased. It's extremely clean, the service is mom and pop very friendly, and the food is tasty. I've tried the hot and sour soup which is tremendous, kung pao chicken which is fantastic, crab puffs which are great, and the create your own stir fry is fun and you can make it as healthy or fattening as you want.
So I walk in and it being my first time here my face must have gave it away because the owner walked up to me and asked if this was my first time here. He then walked me through the process, almost everything is made to order except for the daily combo they are already precooked. He handed me a menu which is fairly basic but had some great items on it. I walked up to the cashier and she was friendly and welcoming she gave me some ideas and help me decide on what to get the Mu shu wrap.....AWESOME.... It was stir fry, rice and chicken wrapped in a tortilla, it was heaven. I would totally recommend this place and will be going back!!!
This little chain restaurant has been a life save for us. We are new to the area and needed something quick to eat that wasn't fast food and we love it! The service has been great dinning in and togo!! You should try it!
This is my new favorite pizza place! I love the whole place. The wait staff was on top of everything. There was nothing wrong with our order!. The prices are so awesome too!
Sauce was a delightful place to enjoy lunch with friends after a grueling hike up Piestewa Peak. I have been really impressed with all of the other Fox Restaurant Concepts, so I was excited to finally try Sauce and see if it was on par with the others. Short answer: YES, this fresh Italian restaurant has something unique and delicious to offer! It's not on the menu, but here's a little secret a friend shared: You can create your own half and half lunch combo! I ordered a half salad and bowl of soup which was perfect! The Tuscan Tomato Soup was warm, full of flavor and perfect for dipping the complimentary warm bread roll. The Golden Beet Salad with Quinoa, pistachios, avocado, goat cheese and other amazing goodness was in a word DELICIOUS! Seriously, if you like beets - you have to try this salad! You can thank me later ;) The service here was great. Staff were friendly - even came over to ask how our hike was and about my friend's FitBit fitness band. They even gave us an extra bread roll to enjoy later with our leftovers. I'll definitely be back! There's just too much good stuff on the menu - I want to come back and try it all!
Visited on a Tuesday night at the end of June - place was pretty packed for a Tuesday. I had the North Central Chicken, which is apparently a new menu item and wonderful. Almost like a spicy BBQ sauce on the chicken and some sort of corn/green chile sauce that was fantasic. The corn was cut off the cob and you could tell it was super fresh. Came with mashed red potatoes. The smaller portion option was a perfect amount of food. Paired with a glass of white wine, a perfect hot summer meal that I didn't have to cook! Oh - and you have to get the guacamole. I don't think you can eat a meal there without having the guacamole first.
Even though it has been a couple of months since I first visited Sierra Bonita- my meal is still fresh on my mind, I cannot wait to go back! I started my meal with the green corn tamale-amazing! Seriously, I could of eaten 5 of these. The sauce made the whole experience. I followed it up with the Atole Pinon Hotcakes and was not disappointed. The hotcake was lighter than I thought it would be but full of flavor. The husband the swordfish which was a catch of the day special. Our service was prompt and the atmosphere allowed us to occupy a table for an extended period of time and catch up with friends in between bites.
I had the Southwest Cobb Salad again. It was just delicious. My only suggestion is to have them mix the ingredients. I am sure the presentation would not be as nice but I think it would be easier to eat. I had it mixed today. I prefer it unmixed. I am sure it is psychological but it tastes better without mixing it together.
Check location on Google maps, incorrectly mapped on Yelp
My family and I have been eating at Sierra Bonita since they first opened. They keep getting better. One primary differentiator I can point out about this place is that they do not skimp on the veggies. A lot of the time, eating out means carbs with a side-o-carbs, featuring one protein ingredient and maybe some cheese. They don't just do vegetables as an afterthought, they use delicious and unusual ones. Their mix has green and purple romanesco, rainbow carrots, broccoli, squash, green beans, spinach and usually sauteed with butter and rosemary. Sometimes choyote is in the mix too - at brunch, order Cowboy Hash. And then all too often, at other places beans are "just beans" and don't have much flavor (or my least favorite, are honey-like and sugary). Sierra Bonita's beans are totally rich and flavorful, they're whole beans, not refried and are super savory, elevated far above the ordinary "side of beans." They have a Moscow Mule that comes in a copper cup and tastes super refreshing in the summertime (plus you can rest the cup on the inside of your wrists to cool down from your drive there). I love their Southwestern Cobb salad for lunch. Their Carne Asada is super filling, even the half-size. Same goes for the Buttermilk Chicken, and it's nice to get mashed sweet potatoes instead of just mashed potatoes. Lots of good, rich flavors and intensity here. They have a new dinner appetizer, butter-braised mushrooms. OMG these are to die for. There's gorgonzola cheese in there, and maybe a little bit of heaven. I've had the Albondigas soup, the green chile posole and the Azteca soup and they're all rich and deliciously filling. Then the most out-there sounding dinner entree: chocolate and espresso-rubbed pork tenderloin. It says all this but the taste that pops out the most is the vanilla. It's like Holy Crap, how did anyone think this up and how does it actually work so well? Gah ... I just ate there for dinner and writing all this makes me hungry all over again. They just added salmon tacos to their menu. Totally heart-healthy, what a good excuse to go. Super juicy and delicious. Everyone who works there is nice and relaxed and a lot of them have been there for years. Happy hour is fun. There are always people from the neighborhood there and their jalapeno poppers are super delicious - not fried with ranch dressing like a pub would have. Their jalapenos are sliced and filled with seriously flavorful cheese and served on a skillet with a tomato wedge sizzling in between each pepper. I could go on, but if you do a ctrl-f search on my review for the word "super" you'll find a word count that's high enough to show what I think of this place.
great place, great staff and owner is wonderful the food is the best charro beans the pork and everything.
This is one of my favorite bars in town to kick back with friends and have a good time. The sandwiches are HUGE, well priced and yummy. The beer on tap is cold. They have a very well stocked bar for Irish specialties, and the servers and bartenders are attentive and friendly. It's great for groups... When I have gone with a group, we had the whole upstairs balcony to ourselves. The bar is comfortable for single women... people are friendly, not gropey. Very nice. The booths are big and comfy... I have seen people having their own little game night at the booths. They can play all night and never have to get up for a beer. One table was playing Uno. Not a bad idea. 4-6 fit easily in a booth and there is good access to dancing (which often spills over into the aisles around the bar) Maybe we need another UYE. I'd be there early.
This is one of the best Irish pub/restaurants the valley has to offer. They also have live bands perform on occasion. I used to work very close to here and wandered in about once a week. The food is authentic, with fish and chips and dozens of other traditional Irish comfort-food dishes. The bar is wonderful with seating for about 20. They offer plenty of expected Irish Beer and Whiskey selections. They have a small patio for us smokers too. Service is friendly, though it can be a little slow when they are really busy (lunch, happy hour and weekends).
Rosie McCaffrey's is my favorite Irish pub, nay my favorite bar of all time! I can always find a seat at the bar and I can always find decent people to converse with. Bartenders are super nice and friendly. As far as the food goes I can't say too much, I've only ever really had the wings and they are sufficient. I mainly go for the vibe and to relax with a nice ale. Love going on Friday or Saturday nights because the bands are always top notch and everyone always seems to be having a good time. Honestly, I've had quite a few experiences here in 6 years. Met some amazing people. Exchanged some numbers. Had deep introspective conversations with close friends and strangers. It's always been a great time and isn't that what it's all about? I can't recommend this place enough. Give it a chance and if you're disappointed you're probably just a sad hollow shell of a human being.
RIG was awesome. Great live music, great crowd and my favorite Irish ale. What else can a guy ask for. Just a good ole party bar with the neighborhood crowd.
The shepherds pie is amazing! Accompanied by great service and Irish music playing the whole time! Can't say enough about the people and the quality of food and service.
You know when a business starts showing up regularly in your Facebook status updates that it's time to write a review about it. I love Carly's. I live about a 200 yards away, as the crow flies, at Holgas Artist's Studios. Generally, my apartment is a wreck so I never want to be there and my food situation is paltry--all cat food---so I spend a lot of time across the street. I mean, I had recently misplaced my license somewhere between The Roosevelt and Bar Smith a few Fridays ago, and they know me enough to still serve me adult beverages at Carly's. I have only lived at Holgas since June. Yes, like I said, there often. I've always dreamed of owning a coffee shop that serves great artisanal ales as well, with a great bistro-esque menu.... but now I don't have to go through all the hassle of setting one up myself-- Carly's has the market cornered. With fabulous ingredients like smoked mozzarella, sweet onion relish, and a very tasty hummus & tapenade-- little can go wrong on a sandwich here. And I'm absolutely addicted to the Orzo side, haven't even tried the Terra chips. With such craziness as Chimay and Lindeman's on TAP, and serving everything from domestic to import, wine, sangria, bailey's coffees, and specialty drinks like mojitos and margies.... you can punish that liver of yours for all its worth. (Eh....the orzo soaks it up....) Great pricing, wi-fi, unintrusive live music, friendly friendly staff, clean... I've never had a problem with anything here.
Not only is the staff friendly, but the music is great (last time I was there, I think someone was playing a mixtape of turntablists) and there's always incredible art on the walls. This place is good for any type of meal and is even open for drinks late at night (No! A restaurant open afterhours? Not in Phoenix?!). The food is incredible. The ingredients are high quality and simple. Everything is delicious--from their hummus, feta/red pepper spread, and cold artichoke dip to their awesome paninis served with chips or orzo to their HUGE tasty salads. Their selection of beer is focused and somewhat limited, but still very good choices for any palate. I highly recommend Carly's. It is exactly the type of place that belongs tucked away downtown, under a nondescript purple awning, across the street from a pretty rad record store, and one that can always promise an excellent meal for a good price. The last time I went with a friend, we had an appetizer, a total of three beers and a glass of wine, and two salads for only $35. It really doesn't get much better than that - especially in downtown Phoenix.
I come here for lunch and dinner a few times a month (well maybe a little more frequently than that now)! The menu is simple, but the sandwiches are prepared perfectly and they have the best bloody marys in all of phoenix! Service is usually fast and friendly (unless you go on first Friday, then it's a nuthouse).
Yummy, fun, and a cool spot to get some appetizers before bar hoping.
Stopped by here after my friend got a tattoo at Golden Rule and this food is amazing. Their menu for lunch is pretty simple, a list of sandwiches and some appetizers. My friend got a wrap and I got the Cuban along with some orzo pasta salad. DELICIOUS! I don't know why this place doesn't have better reviews but it definitely hit the spot.
If you want excellent service during a first fridays events, this is your place. Centrally located.
Trente-Cinq was such a surprisingly great experience. We had the Croquettes de crevettes for an appetizer which was nicely done (and more importantly not overdone). The two croquettes were a creamy and exceptionally good and these were served with a very light mixed green salad - the perfect dish to get your taste buds looking for more. Then came the entrees...we ordered the Steamed Mussels and Lamb Shank. The Steamed Mussels were by far the best tasting mussels I've ever had and the Lamb Shank was falling off the bone. When they brought the Steamed Mussels, they did not skimp on the portion size. This is an excellent dish to share with a group. The Lamb Shank melted in your mouth as was nicely served along with a vegetable ragout and couscous. The meal was perfect and they have a nice wine selection to accompany the meals quite well. The chef used to work at Coup De Tart in Phoenix, and I can certainly see why he started his own restaurant. Please check this restaurant out while you're in Phoenix, as Mr. Lionel Geuskens deserves the visitors with his excellent cuisine!!! 5 Stars!!!!
Yay Phoenix. You did this one right. I've always been able to find what I need. I'm not sure that I love or hate the architecture but I did read about it in Dwell which is always just a bit impressive. My only beef is...why isn't there a cafe? Does that make me a yuppie for wanting a coffee house in my library? I promise it's only cause I desperately need the caffeine! Either way...I love espresso and a good book. But this library is top notch if you ask me.
i love the library. the architecture here is on point, the open floorplan is awesome for a multilevel building. its just awesome ok. i just wish i could find those damn books they say i have still. :\ oh well.. at least i can still get in this place.
The top level is the best level in my opinion. It's the quietest level and you get a good view of downtown Phoenix from both the North and South side ceiling to floor windows. The only real drawback is the smell that comes from the DVD and CD section, I don't know it it's urine or just the plastic casings that are giving off that smell? The cafe is closed indefinitely as I was informed by the librarian with no real date of when they are going to be opening it back up again. I have never had any problems with any of the homeless people that come to the library, but you might get asked for some change in the parking lot or asked to sign a petition by the entrances. The 2nd level is for studying and they have a 'quiet' room where you are expected to keep your mouth shut and study. Why budget cuts!? The libs is only open until 5pm on Monday and a couple of other days. Overall, the library is huge and has everything you may be looking for. I want to get locked up like that dude Powder and read everything this library has to offer.
amazing for a group of us, about a year ago... a little on the pricey side but wow! flavor and service! loved the scallops, no food poisoning here!!!
I'm surprised at the bad reviews. I have eaten at the Camelback location twice and the Mill location about five times. Every time it is great. The bread is so good! Soft, tasty, etc. The meat is so flavorful and juicy! Every time it is good! I always get the original. I have eaten at Forefathers once, and I prefer Corleone's! Much more flavorful! My Sister disagrees, but my Husband agrees. I recommend Corleone's! It is the best Philly I have had! Oh, I almost forgot, the service! The service is amazing at Camelback, free extra cheese, etc. The manager there is so friendly! The service at Mill has been hit and miss. I gave five stars because it is the best I have had, but I have never been to the city to have the real thing, so I can not compare.
Ordered an original with whiz. AMAZING. Every once in a while I stray from my paleo diet to indulge, and it REALLY hit the spot today. *BONUS My order was delivered in 20 minutes, the driver was very nice (and cute too).* I would recommend this spot for anyone craving a philly. Yay! You guys rock!
I first learned about Tammie Coe when at a Holiday party, no one but me dared to cut into a cake they thought was a decoration (her Santa's Sack). When I asked the hostess, she told me that Tammie was now the hottest cake designer in town, having replaced Cathy (of Rum Cake fame). Newly engaged, I knew I had to check her out for my wedding cake. Since my (now) husband and I both are public servants, we had to be creative in order to afford what turned out to be the culinary hit of the wedding. Instead of a stacked cake, we bought plant stands of varying height from Home Depot and then ordered a variety of large single cakes from Tammie who wrapped them in her signature fondant all in the same way. I picked them up myself and took them to the wedding location, and in this way I saved about half the cost of a traditional wedding cake. The individual cakes looked amazing set up on an oblong table, and everyone said they were the best cakes they'd ever had. I must say, however, that these days, I stop by the Roosevelt location most often for her husband's bread. Those crusty delicious loves are truly cravable.
Wow....creme de la creme! I have been here various times and they have yet to meet my extraordinarily high standards. Highly recommend the infamous "Ooey-gooey" cupcakes. I also love how forward-thinking Tammie Coe's is, theme-ing out their delicious concoctions for the holidays.
This review is based only upon Tammie Coe's entry into Caramelpalooza. The candy apple caramel tadpole? Amazing! So fun, not sticky, wonderful creation. Great job!
Red velvet anything... if you can, enjoy the patio under the shaded trellis and torment the local birds with your delectable crumbs.
One of my New favorite places. Went on a Saturday very loud with live music but good. The food was great The chicken burrito I had was amazing I loved the extreame taste of lime I got from the chicken. Tried to go back the following Saturday and the wait was almost an hour & their parking lot was paked. So if you plan to go on a Saturday night it may be best to have reservations.
There is so many mexican restaurants in town. But, this is far and above one of the better ones. This is not cheap rice and beans and melted cheese every where! They take great fresh meats and ingredients and make a wonderful product. The pulled pork here is to die for. I have eaten here several times and it keeps getting better. The service is top notch. HINT: They have one of the best happy hours in town!
Phoenix has a wonderful set up for the car rentals at the airport
I'll start off with saying this was the Best Experience renting a car before. In the past week we had a couple of family members come in from out of state and had to rent cars for weekend trips so we got to experience a few different vendors. First vendor was with Alamo which was good. Then had a rental with Payless which I will never go with them again. (I'll be writing a review shortly). Then we rented with Enterprise. I was looking for a cheap compact rental for this past weekend. I saw that Payless was cheap but did not want to rent from them again because of the quality of the rental. I noticed Enterprise rate was the same so I decided to go with them. I walked in and was greeted by Matt at the entrance of their storefront. This dude is entertaining and makes the whole rental process fun. He was very helpful and made sure all my needs were met. After finalizing paperwork, I headed down to the car lot and was greeted by Cory to go pick out a car. I like the ability to choose different models of cars within your rental category. You know that time of renting a car when you have to inspect the vehicle and you or the vendor does not have a pen for you to mark the dings and scractches. Well, the person assisting you at the car lot carries a digital tablet and will make the notations there. I thought that was very neat. The quality of the cars are new and clean. Overall experience, the rental process was perfect. If Enterprise is in your budget, I would highly suggest going with them. *All my rentals above was from the PHX Sky Harbor Car rental locations.
This was my first year going and it was so fun and exciting. I enjoyed the drummers, food, and especially the beer garden. Also, the anime costume contest was fun as well as the sword deomonstrations. What talent and skill and a very beautiful culture.
Shady's is the polar opposite of the kind of bars you will find in Scottsdale. It's dark. It's small. It has no theme, no slick decor. It's kind of like the basement of your parents' house, complete with random furniture. There is a porch for smokers. There are pool tables and a rotating Budweiser sign. I recognize that some people will probably hate Shady's. It is a dive bar and its lack of both polish and cache effectively filters out the typical Scottsdale bar crowd AND the Phoenix hipsters. In other words, the crowd is generally low-key, friendly and non-pretentious. Works for me.
As I walked thru the door, the bartender practically greeted me by name! This was Saturday at 1pm, and I don't even remember ever being here before. Have I been unconsciously living some sort of shadow life with the daydrinkers? Oh, that's right, I met the bartender before at my drinking buddy's BBQ party. Still, it's nice to find a comfortable bar where one can relax a bit and engage in chatter with the regulars. The Men's room continues to be 5+ stars!
My local fave spot to meet friends. Indoor and outdoor seating-total bonus for our amazing weather! Tavern meets pool hall/dive bar on the inside. The MOST AMAZING jukebox you will ever have the pleasure of meeting. Show up with your pockets loaded with quarters because you can't get enough.
My boyfriend loves this place as long as a certain guy is working (I don't know his name) but apparently he makes THE BEST old fashioned or Manhattans or most likely both. They play stuff off of netflix on the TVs usually pretty old movies. Their jukebox selection is way old school which is nice sometimes when you want to just relax and take it easy. This is a great place for people who don't want lots of comotion as it usually tends to be quite slow during the week but enough people to obviously keep them in business. I have heard there is a lot more people on fridays and saturdays which would make sense.
The Compass Grill is a great way to start off the evening in downtown Phoenix, especially if you've never been to Phoenix (or a revolving restaurant). The panoramic, 360 degree view-in-an-hour is a unique experience. As a restaurant, I felt the menu was a bit pricey (I call it view tax) and limited so I didnt eat here (I've been twice). But as a bar, they had a reasonably priced wine selection and of course the best view in town. Great service too. I give this spinny bar 5 stars.
Over the years Phoenix has been fairly inconsistent in having good eateries. Unlike major cities like Los Angeles, Chicago and New York, Phoenix has always been dominated by corporate eateries and little or no ma-pa eateries. In Chicago they call them joints...just great family owned neighborhood restaurants that do everything par excellence and that's precisely what we have here at Eden's Grill. The owners are ridiculously proud and upon your first visit you will find out why. Soups, salads, incredible beef, chicken, lamb entrees', Reasonably priced, extraordinary food, that's what this place is all about!
Eden's Grill is definitely one of the best Greek restaurants in Phoenix. The atmosphere is small and cozy. The owner's are fantastic. They always welcomed us and when I would dine there without my daughter they always ask about her. The food is fabulous. They have the best dolmeh! I love the Lentil Soup and the Gyro Salad. I love this family run restaurant.
This grocery store/ restaurant has a really good shawrma. The other items on the menu are also good, like the Med. pizza and the small stuffed pastries. The store also has a vast array of Arabic bread and naan. ENJOY!
Great place to find eastern Mediterranean and Middle East groceries. Love the cheeses, fruits and vegetables, meats and bakery. My favorite thing to do is order food from Al-Hana when I arrive (middle eastern cafe on site) and my take out is ready when I am ready to check out. I love the multicultural environment, people from the Caribbean, Muslims, Christians, Hindus...
This place is super cute and the employees are pretty friendly. The vibe is laidback and neighborhoody, making you want to hang out there forever. They make an excellent Iced Chai Tea Latte and the giant cupcake that I had was delicious as well. I only wish I lived within walking distance of Copper Star so that I wouldn't have to worry about parking, which can be a bit tricky at times. Definitely check out the cool bathrooms (I'm guessing the men's is as nice as the women's) before you leave.
This is the place that I go to de-stress, to do homework, to celebrate a happy occasion. I will take any excuse to go here. I love that when I walk in I am always greeted with a smile and that there is never attitude. The baked goods are irresistible but the coffee is what keeps me coming back. There isn't a better soy latte in the entire valley. It is deep but mellow and never, ever bitter. I love CSC!!
I have been a regular at Copper Star for the past 3 years. I love the uniqueness of this place - the drive thru with cheerful baristas (os) and the owner (Bill) is actively involved in the community and knows his fellow business owners. Nicest guy you could ever meet. Ok. Now let's get down to business. Coffee- Everyone has a different taste in coffee. I love this coffee so much that I buy their beans by the pound. It usually is a mix of Ethiopian, Guatemalen and Sumatran or other roast. Anyway - I can't say that I have been to a whole lot of different coffee bars in Phoenix, but the ones I have been to don't measure up in flavor, freshness and robust flavor of the beans. Nor can anyone match the friendliness and unpretentiousness of the staff. I have only tried the scones and muffins. Scones are a difficult feat in most places but Copper Star has some of the tastiest. Try the chocolate chip or cranberry walnut scone. During the fall they make homemade pumpkin muffins (using fresh pumpkin) that are to die for. They run out so fast you have to get there early. I wish they would offer these year round.Yum! Because of the coffee, service , and the limited # of goodies I have tried so far, plus their community involvement, I am giving this place 5 stars. The patio is very small with a nice fountain and you can bring your dog - After your coffee take Fido across the street for a bath at Wag-N-Wash (but that is a different review). So, if you happen to be in the neighborhood stop by and check out Copper Star. You'll be glad you did. (Say Hi to "Mr Bill " for me!)
Awesome. Simply chill, beautiful atmosphere tucked away in the center of Phoenix. The coffee is just as warm and sweet as the hospitality. Highly Recommended!
If you are a Coffee house junkie like me, CSC one of the best! Atmosphere, ambiance,service and the blue berry muffins!! Amazing place!!!
Coffee delicious, pastries delightful, ambiance just what you expect in the neighborhood it's in. Place is wonderful, set in once a gas service station, now a coffee full of everything you can ask for, political conversations, to the beginnings of ones novel. Place is definitely one to make the trip for, and enjoy the beautiful hidden gems downtown Phoenix has to offer. #cafehunters
Such a cute coffee shop! The outdoor patio is great for when the weather is nice. I've tried the lattes, smoothies, and russian tea! The baked goods are great as well!
Once again Bobby Q's brisket does not disappoint! I went there today with 5 other people from my office at about noon. It wasn't that crowded and we were seated promptly. They seem to know that time is short during workweek lunch hours so they were very quick in taking our orders. I am always shocked whenever I go just how quickly orders arrive at the table. I ordered the BBQ brisket plate (as always) with fries as a side. I still love their brisket and think its the best in town and actually the best I've ever had. I was in a french fry mood so I didn't order the mac n' cheese which I also think is some of the best around. I also LOVE those lil donuts they give you at the end! Can't wait to go back!
I love BBQ and I've wanted to try Bobby Q for a while so when the boyfriend had a friend coming to visit who was staying near here I suggested we try it out. It's always a little scary to take someone to a place you've never been to but Bobby Q did not disappoint. We started with their Q rolls for an appetizer. SO good. They are kinda like egg rolls but with brisket and they come with a chipotle dipping sauce that is really good. I ordered the brisket sandwich (apparently I was in a brisket kinda mood) which comes with shoestring fries and I ordered a side of mac n cheese as well. I'm not kidding when I say this is some of the best beef brisket I've ever had. It was so tender, not dry at all and it had just the right amount of sauce - enough to give you that rich BBQ flavor but not so much that the meat is swimming in it. The fries were good but the mac n cheese was really good. VERY rich and creamy. I couldn't finish it all. The boyfriend had chicken and mashed potatoes. He said the chicken was good but the potatoes came without gravy. Maybe they forgot it? So those were kinda dull. Our friend got ribs and mac n cheese. The ribs looked amazing - fall off the bone type. We stayed at the table really late - we were literally the last people in the place but they didn't seem to care that we were just hanging out which was cool. We didn't go to the bar next door but it was packed and looked like a fun place to grab a drink. Bobby Q turned out to be a great place to bring a visitor since they let us talk forever and the food was tasty and reasonably priced. I would definitely eat there again.
Our office gets Bobby Q's catering for meetings, and everyone loves it. The barbecue is great. My favorite is their yummy macaroni and cheese.
I can't imagine it better. Always multiple friendly faces to greet you, and excellent service. The onion brick is a must. I've never been a fan of cornbread, yet I can't stop eating theirs, it's so delicious. The BBQ is always perfect. The sides are awesome - great beans, great coleslaw. My daughter ordered the kids pizza - not expecting much, turns out is the best kids pizza I have EVER encountered. Great presentation on a square piece of butcher block, and it was really good! We all eat ourselves into a food coma, we can't even touch the cute doughnuts at the end. I love the atmosphere and lighting as well. I'd like it to be my living room...dinner's ready....
Great place, I will be coming back but if you wanna eat here make sure you call ahead for reservations or you will be waiting about a hour to eat...
I love taking the guys at the end of the week to this place. Great food, beer. Good times...
Went to Phoenix on business and I wanted to take an associate out for lunch. He always talks about how much he loves BBQ ribs so I did a search on Yelp and decided on Bobby Q. They did not disappoint. Not only was the entire meal one of the best BBQ I ever had, but they took 10% of the bill for mentioning Yelp. How cool is that? Great place, great waitresses and phenomenal ribs and sides...
Food was great! Drinks we're great! Service was great! The overall experience was awesome! After having a horrible experience at Thee Pitts Again we had to find a new BBQ place and we are glad to have found this one! We went on a Saturday night around 6 -7 and we had a 15-20 min wait which was well worth it. One of the managers brought us a sample of the Macaroni and Cheese.... IT WAS AMAZING! Almost needed a glass of milk to wash it down with! We will be returning!
This was the best BBQ brisket i've had in ages, very juicy not the least bit dry. as other have mentioned the mac and cheese is outrageously good, soooo creamy. better than many homemade recipes. go for the chipotle brisket app too.
Seriously awesome BBQ in a totally random place. The ribs were unreal, seriously, fall off the bone, meaty deliciousness to the face. Be prepared to wait for a little while before being seated, we came on a Tuesday night and had to wait for about 30 minutes, always a good sign that you're in for a treat. I will definitely be back!
My husband and I have been to countless BBQ restaurants in California, Nevada, and now Arizona. Bobby Q's is BY FAR the best BBQ we have ever experienced!! The food is incredible, and the service is just as good!
Bobby Q's is the BEST BBQ restaurant in the valley. Better then Famous Daves. Better then Waldo's, in my opinion. This used to be Bobby McGee's in the 90's and they would have live band and dancing there. I went there with my wife, mother-in-law and daughter. We didn't make reservations because we didn't know you had to until we had called them that day. At the time, they weren't taking anymore reservations until after 8pm and that was too late for us. It was only 3:30p at the time. The woman on the phone said the wait time was about 45mins, so we went anyways. We got there around 4:00pm and put our names on the list. They said they would call us when the table was ready. I kind of missed the little pagers we usually get at Cheesecake Factory and other restaurants, but personal service is still nice too. So I waited 30mins, checked the list and there were still 2 groups ahead of us. Check again at 45mins and still one group ahead of us. The hostess apologized and explained that customer with reservations would get seated first, which made sense, but I was getting hungry. Finally 55mins in we got seated (near the kitchen door) and was able to order drinks immediately as we looked over the menu. They had some specials, so I got the Prime Rib/Lobster Tail with 2 sides for $30. I got the Mac & Cheese and Corn I believe. I can't remember what everyone else got, but I know they loved the food. They brought out warm corn bread, which was moist, sweet and great with butter. My wife and mother-in-law loved their alcoholic drinks. I got lemonade which was excellent as well. The meals came after about 15mins. The prime rib simply melted in your mouth. It was delicious. The Mac & Cheese was perfect. Nice and creamy and cheesy, just like how I make it. My wife tried mine and loved it. I tried her bake beans and even those were incredible. The corn was also good, Even the coleslaw that I tasted was very tasty. The lobster, we juicy and I doused it in the butter for another bite. It was cooked perfectly. I tried my wife's Baby Back Rib and they were smokey, moist and incredible with the BBQ sauce. I couldn't believe how good everything was. The waitress came back and forth to our table at least 6-7 times during the meal to see if there was anything else we needed. Very friendly and courteous. My daughter, who's only 2.5yrs loved everything, especially the mac & cheese since she loves cheese. Definitely one of the best BBQ meals I've ever ate. I will probably get the Brisket or Baby-Back Rib the next time I go. If you have BBQ and Steak, this is the place to go. It was definitely worth the wait and the kitchen door didn't even bother me because I was enjoying the food. I forgot a couple things. i forgot to mention the appetizers. They give you a lot for the appetizers. We got the BBQ wings and Artichoke/Spinach dip and it was fabulous. some places will give you 5-6 wings for appetizer, but we got like twice that amount and it was delicious. At the end of the meal they give you soft delicious donuts for free. 5 stars from me here.
Great BBQ! the Babyback ribs, just fall off the bone! The place had a great atmosphere, great service and great food. Would highly recommend!
Best BBQ in all of Phoenix!
We have been here twice and both times the food and service were outstanding. Jessica and Jo were friendly, knowledgeable and efficient. These qualities in wait staff are a credit to great management. We have tried BBQ from one side of the country to the other. This has been some of the best beef brisket. It was so tender and juicy. If you want a variety, the whole hog is the way to go.
Hands down the best tasting BBQ in Arizona ! Hubby and I shared the smoasted. Chicken, roasted veggies and corn, and potato salad. Our server Rebekah was beyond helpful as it was our first time there. She even got us small sample of their Mac n cheese which was nice n creamy. Despite the fact that we got there ten minutes before closing this was a really good experience.
Ridiculously the Best 1st Time Experience of My Life! This was My Last Stop Before Heading Back to L.A. The Front Desk at THE CROWNE PLAZA Highly Recommended this Place Since I was Here on a Business Trip. I Was Ready to Head Back to PAPPADEAUX'S SEAFOOD KITCHEN for the 3RD Time this Weekend and I'm Soooo Glad I Took Their Advice! MONIQUE Was My Server. And Not Only Was She On Top of Her Game and Answered My Questions with the Conviction of a Preacher Giving A Sermon on a Sunday, But She was as Beautiful as the Heavanly CORN BREAD She Brought Me and My Client! For Starters the Q-ROLL'S Were SCRUMPTIOUSLY Delicious with 2 Different Sauces! The MIX COMBO MEAT PLATTER of BEEF BRISKET AND PULLED PORK Was Off the Chain JUICY and FORK TENDER! The BOBBY Q CHEESE BURGER that My Client Ordered was As Thick, Juicy and Made To Order as Any I Have Ever Laid Eyes On! Unfortunately, I Wasn't Prepared to Handle Desert, (THERE VERSION OF BANANA CREAM PIE, OUCH!) Especially Since I Had a 5 Hour Road Trip Back to La La. CAN I SAY FOOD COMA! NOT! I'm Not Gonna Get Pulled Over By ARIZONA HIGHNOON PATROL For a DUI A La BOBBY Q! And If You Even Think that I'm Over Playin' My Hand then Just Head Over There and Call My Bluff! Like General Douglas Mac Arthur said to the People of the Philippines in WWII or Arnold Schwarzenegger said in The Terminator... "I'LL BE BACK"!
I visit Phoenix frequently from Houston and I must say this place is one of the best. From burgers to ribs you cannot go wrong with any entre at Bobby Q's. Tonight I tried the smokehouse burger and was extremely impressed with the flavor and quality. Portion size is it generous and the staff is top notch. I always look forward to my next visit to Phoenix!
Bobby Q was excellent for Father's Day lunch. Service was excellent and the food was the best BBQ ever! This is the best BBQ in Arizona! Yummm
This restaurant is a great choice for those of you who are meat lovers! You can have unlimited meat brought directly to your table. The waiters brings the meat in the skewer with a lots of different choices from sirloin until bacon wrapped sausages. They give you a stick that has colors of red, white and green in order. When you put the green on top that means the waiter are going to keep bringing the meat to your table. The red means stop and when you put it horizontal means you are ready for dessert and bills. They also offer a lot of variety of salad bar and dessert. Overall I really love this place and will be coming back for the meats!
Our dining experience was entertaining and delicious, impeccable service. Hit all the senses! Thank you Wagner and Levi!
Ticoz is a great fit for whatever you're trying to accomplish. Whether it's girls night out and sangria/margaritas are on the menu..or you're in a large group looking for a great place to get the night started, you are in luck. I'd recommend outdoor seating and if its a short wait before something frees up, don't be afraid to hit up the bar. Passion fruit margaritas and mojitos are yum! I prefer the nightime vibe thats offered on the patio as opposed to hitting it up as a daytime spot but I've yet to have a bad experience at this place. Whether it's just the two of you and you're looking for a little privacy or you're in need of a place that can handle a little louder crowd, Ticoz is a prime spot. Spanish style vibe, great service, delicious/unique menu--what more do you need? Go there on a busy night and you're given a glowstick in lieu of a buzzer. Gay-friendly joint, and an overall inviting crowd.
I came to Ticoz with the bf after buying a coupon on Groupon. We had a wonderful experience! Our waiter was Jorge and he is probably one of the nicest people I have ever met! He had great drink suggestions and was super pleasant to have as a waiter. For food we had the trio of dipping sauces and the sliders. Both were great, and I will be back soon. Great food and great service.
I have to write an update, and give them five stars and a round of applause and a high five..... The lettuce wraps are amazing! and $5 at happy hour. I literally had a frown on my face when I realized my plate was empty, almost ordered a second round to take home. They are served with Roman Heart leaves (yum) and the filling to put in them is heavenly; chunks of chicken, dried/candied pineapple, macadamia nuts, pumpkin seeds, and this amazing dressing.
Great food, the only draw back is the place is too dark very hard to read the menu...
You MUST go to this place! Today was our first time here (heard about it through an online coupon, but ended up going there for brunch to try it first, based on their online menu that sounded amazing). We ordered the Lobster Eggs Benedict and Huevos Rancheros. Both were to-die-for, would def get both of them again (maybe after I try everything else on the menu since everything sounded great too). And the $2.99 weekend brunch drinks were worth it too. My only complaint about this place is that we live so far away from it; I'm going to have dreams about their pork chile verde until I can return!
I love this place. Lots of regulars and a place where "everybody knows your name"... and the name of your dog. Both dogs and humas are very friendly and look out for one another. It can get busy at times but more fun for the dogs, right?
The very best food has magical properties and one of the most remarkable is the ability to instantly transport you to another place and time. Every time I dig into my first bite of gelato at Arlecchino Gelateria, I am transported back to Vivoli Gelato in Florence, Italy. Make no mistake about it. The gelato at Arlecchino is the real deal. It's the same gelato you get in the very best artisanal gelaterias of Italy. The fantastic gelato at Arlecchino is the work of Moreno Spangaro, a masterful small artisan producer who makes every batch from scratch. It's no wonder that his product is so authentic. Moreno hails from Trieste, Italy and he learned his craft by apprenticing for nearly two years with Fabio Sacchetto, his "maestro." Moreno understand that a phenomenal product only results from the best and freshest ingredients. He only uses fresh, organic fruits when they're in season and at their height of ripeness. He relies heavily upon "McClendon's Select" for the best of the bounty that Arizona has to offer. He doesn't overlook the non-fruit varieties either. For example, he has his own mix of different chocolates because every one has different properties that result in a complex final chocolate flavor. You MUST taste the gelato at Arlecchino to understand how fantastic it truly is. They offer a limited selection of only the freshest flavors each day. You may find classics such as Coffee, Nocciola, Pistacchio (made from 100% pure Sicilian pistachios from Bronte, Italy; it costs a few cents more per scoop and it's TOTALLY worth it!), Nutella, Stracciatella, and seasonal fruits. The also offer original creations such as Cortina, which always reminds me of the charming Alpine village itself. You're really in luck if they have the Peanut Butter or Dulce de Leche when you visit. I just had the Valentino and it was complex and amazing because it's an infusion of pomegranate, berries, rose petals and lavender. Moreno runs his tiny gelateria with his wife Marina. You will often find one or both of them behind the counter. Some might consider the decor of the shop to be a bit a minimalist, but no detail is overlooked at Arlecchino. The shop is purposely simple and elegant to avoid any distraction from the beauty of the gelato itself. The parking around Arlecchino can be a nightmare because it's next to La Grande Orange Grocery/Pizzeria and Postino is in the building behind it. Don't despair and keep looking for a space because the gelato at this place is totally worth the extra effort. If you want gelato, come to Arlecchino for an amazing experience. Skip the other gelato joints in town because they're peddling pre-fab gelato bases and canned flavorings.
I can't help but laugh at reviewers who spent 5 days in Italy and think this qualifies them to know more about gelato than someone who spent most of his life there(Arlechhino's owner). And additionally spent over a year learning from a (Italian) master gelato maker (in Italy) for no pay. Really, ignore those fools. Arlecchino still makes the best effing gelato I've ever had. Anywhere. And anyone who tells you it tastes just like any other gelato has a broken brain. Or tongue. Or both. Or is possibly high on crack. Or maybe employed by Gelato Spot. Take your pick. P.S. the owners and staff are awesome.
If you are into Modernism, you have to check this place out. The owner is super friendly and very knowable about modern furniture. You can buy real deal vintage stuff here. The store is small but inventory is constantly on the move. I would like to decorate my whole house with stuff from this store.
AWESOME! I went to this Bead World location to find 2 beads for a very complicated 'blingy' watch I have. Not only did the staff find many beads that would match as close as possible, but wanted to install them too. Installing was a CHALLENGE - but the staff persevered and after about 30 minutes of fighting with my watch - it came out awesome and they insisted I do not pay for anything (she used up about 10 different supplies trying to make it work). I insisted I pay and she would "only take $1". Other businesses need to learn customer service from these gals! Thanks!
So I finally went there for dinner. Their pizza is amazing!!! We had 3 different types and all were stunning especially the roasted corn! The crust is out of this world. They also have a great sangria which i had a few too many of.....oops o:). If you are going to go at night with more then 2 people, I would suggest making reservations and they do have avalet but you can usually find a spot on the north side of Campbell and 40th st. If you live in the Valley this is a definate MUST!!!!
Here is my review in a nutshell: We live in Chandler and will drive here to pick up a pizza and take it home to eat. It is THAT good and worth the trip. We always get a margherita pizza with sausage and garlic. We have eaten it in the restaurant, but most of the time we bring it home. My husband turns on our oven to 450 degrees and puts the whole pizza on a pizza stone for about 3 minutes. The pizza is perfect and delicious. We devour it and always wish there was one more piece. As we are reaching for the last pieces I always notice the look on his face (and I know I have the same look) of longing....wishing there was more. I'm drooling now just thinking about it.
Great atmosphere, great food, and great service! My first time there the chef made our pizza wrong. Despite that, the pizza was still pretty awesome and the waitress was even kind enough to give us the right version. We ended up getting three pizzas for the price of two. That was over and beyond my expectation. Needless to say, we gave the waitress a generous gratuity and everybody left happy. I have been there a few other times and and everytime has been a wonderful experience. My only qualm is that there's not enough parking. You need to get there super early or super late and even then parking can still be a challenge. LOVE THE FOOD there and that's the most important thing!
Both my sisters live in Phoenix and I visit often. My little sister recently tried La Grande Orange Pizzeria due to another hot spot being full. When in town my sister recommended popping in with my mom for a quick bite. I was very impressed! We waited for about 10 minutes for a table, which went by fairly quickly since we browsed in the shop next store. We debated on buying a bottle of wine to share for our meal (which is such a great deal since they don't charge a corking fee). We decided on margaritas instead. We ordered the pitcher, which is $25, but if you divide by the amount of drinks you get, it's a steal! We had the shrimp ceviche, which was amazing! We decided on a custom made pizza with all the fixing! The pizza had the best crust I've ever had in my life! Overall, the experience was awesome. I will for sure be coming back to LGO my next trip to P-town!!
LGO is THE BEST pizza place in town... wait, in the country... wait, in the world!!! It is as good, if not better than Pizzeria Bianco too (minus the 4 hr wait). The sourdough crust is what makes the pizza, as do the high quality topics. My fave are avocado pizza with prosciutto, the mushroom one, and the gladiator (with sausage). Their breakfast, sandwich, and salad menus are excellent as well! It's fun to hang out in the "grocery" store next door where you can get good cheese, wine, bread, and little kitschy things. Their white sangria is the BOMB! And you can't beat the $6 bloodys and mimosas on the weekends. With the family-friendly laid back atmosphere and fun for all, this is a true Phoenix gem.
I'll start this review by saying I have not read a SINGLE review on this place prior to writing mine. I am familiar with it 'cuz I grew up in the area and remember when it was a U-Totem convenience market. (OK, did I just date myself?) I had actually avoided it because i heard that the parking was difficult and that it was inordinately crowded at all times. Went there about 2 weeks ago. My sibs scheduled a dinner visit there, and I went over around 7pm, mid-week, after work. Parking was a bear- then i found the Valet. I recommend- USE THE VALET. You can get "validated" and then parking is free (except remember to tip the Dude, OK?) My fam had ordered, which was fine with me. Within minutes, a delicious fruit sangria was poured, and I delighted in the most yummy salad! Pizzeria Chopped Salad, with its eclectic mix of raisins, sundried tomatoes, vinaigrette, and more. I'm not a big fan of raisins, but don't let that throw you off of this salad- it's a perfect blend of ingredients. I coulda hogged the salad, but played nice and shared. They also ordered CLASSIC MARGHERITA Pizzas, which were sublime. Brick oven flavor, awesome cheese, perfect balance of ingredients. OK, OK, I'm going back! I'll get over my impatient self, if this is what I have to look forward to. Prices were in line with the quality and freshness of food. Good professional wait staff.
The dining room is a tad bit claustrophobic but the food is worth the minor discomfort! I like starting my night off snacking on wine saturated pieces of fruit out of a glass of house sangria and then moving on to some guilt free baked wings. The Fennel Orange Salad is almost as good as the Brussel Sprout Salad at Chelsea's but hands down, my favorite dish at LGO is the Padre (which is no longer on the regular menu but they're still more than happy to make it for you); a pizza with arugula, fig, point reyes blue, and prosciutto di san daniele. My fallback pizza is the Fallen Angel, and even though I'm a die hard carnivore, I've heard plenty of rave reviews from my skinny vegetarian friends about the avocado pizza and the roasted corn pizza. If you're feeling really daring, ask for egg on your pizza! Sounds funny but if you're an egg slut like me you'll find that this might be what has been missing from your pizzas for all your life! And if you don't have time to dine in, you can order take out in the LGO grocery store - I highly recommend taking home a bag of the heavenly homemade English muffins or for a lighter meal, the Stacked Turkey sandwich on a baguette! You really can't go wrong with any choice you make at LGO, or really - at any of their sister restaurants!
Amazing pizza..total twists on flavors you wouldn't expect...
My only complaint: You can't make a reservation, so it can take a while to get seated especially with a larger party. My favorite pizza is the avocado prosciutto, it's just the right combination of salty and creamy. The pizza dough consistency is great too. They have some great salads too. The best (in my opinion) is the one with kale and quinoa (can't remember what it's called). So good. They have complimentary valet parking, so remember to bring a couple dollars in cash to tip them. They also have parking in front, but it's usually packed.
Love the pizza here. The crust is tender, bready but slightly crunchy as well . . .not as crunchy as the most authentic Italian pizzas, but i don't think they're trying to replicate an Italian pizzeria. The crust tastes like it's been glazed with a subtle amount of something . . . a butter blend? but just the right amount so isn't dry. Mouth-watering. Contemporary and wonderful. Bless you.
Amazing pizza, great atmosphere, and good drinks. I've had the gladiator, roasted corn, and margherita pizzas.. All of which were delicious. The margherita stood out the most to me. The crust is nice and crisp, and the ingredients are fresh. If you don't feel like sitting down at the restaurant then get it to go, it's just as good!
5 star coffee. The matador is outstanding. Great everything. New awesome local business.
As visitors to Phoenix this past weekend, our group decided we wanted some delicious Mexican cuisine. We found a review for this place online and drove about 20 minutes (to what seemed like BFE) and finally arrived with hungry bellies. We were greeted by all 5 of the ladies standing near the entrance who seated us quickly. Our waitress arrived at our table quickly for our drink orders and was quite helpful. My only complaint about the service is that my friend's father wanted to try their $4 Rita-tini (?) that was advertised on the wall that was made with 3 Amigos Tequila. When he asked for the $4 special, we were told it was strictly for happy hour. The sign itself said absolutely nothing about happy hour - and the only reason I mention this is because every other sign in the bar that offered a drink special -only for happy hour- designated that clearly on the sign. The waitress wasn't amused when he jokingly asked if she could make an exception. Our meals were simply delicious. The carne asada was easily the best carne asada I've ever had, and being from Southern California I would like to think we have quite the selection. I personally ordered a 2 Chicken Tacos plate, which included rice and beans. The chicken was cooked differently from any other place I have ever been to, it was incredibly juicy and surprisingly flavorful. I couldn't pin point exactly what the other people at my table had ordered, but we were all settling into food comas shortly after commencing our delightful lunch (which wasn't the best thing considering we all had a 5 hour drive to make back to California). If I ever find myself in Phoenix again, or even somewhere remotely close by- I would definitely stop in for another meal.
For those of you with a cast iron stomach, you'll do well. For the rest of us mortals, well, I suggest staying near the bathroom the next day. Sounds horrible, but it really isn't. The food is really, really good. The portions are ridiculous, and they are not afraid to toss half a pound of cheese on your plate. Of course, you'll pay for it the next day, but its worth it. The spinach enchiladas are great, although I have no idea what that Baja sauce is, since its buried under a mountain of cheese.
Update to my last review. The bell location is up to par! Best food, amazing salsa ( i could eat a gallon of it), good prices, and awesome staff at both locations. I have been going to popo's for 23 years and love it just as i did the first time I had it.
If you think all smoothies are the same then you have never tried Robeks! When I worked in the Biltmore area I used to get their all fruit smoothies for lunch all thie time, but now only go every once in a while. I stopped in with my son this morning and was soon reminded why I loved this place. It is owned by a super nice couple who are always really friendly when I come in.
closed - as of 3/22/13
I've never been much of a Macy's shopper but this Macy's has made me change my opinion of Macy's! I really like this location! The staff is so very friendly, they really go out of their way to help. My favorite department is the makeup department. I visit the Impulse makeup section frequently. I love getting free make overs! I schedule my makeovers with Hannah. She is the best! She will help you look great for any occasion and teach you make up applying techniques while she beautifies you. Trust me, if you ever need too look great----or just want to have fun and maybe learn something----go see Hannah at Impulse!
Its my neighborhood 7-11 where I just want to leave the car running so I can run in and run out. Grab the sushi, cookies, rib eye, China Mist ice tea and 1/2 pound of the buffalo breast tenders for my salad. Meat counter is always awesome and so is the brick oven pizza by the slice. Some of the best pizza in town. Selected $$ because it really depends on what you get. John
Sadly I forget how close I live to this AJ's. Typically I'll pick up groceries at Whole Foods, Costco, or even the Safeway that's close to us. But for the Super Bowl, I wanted to get some smaller portioned appetizers and deli foods without sacrificing quality. (Lightbulb moment -- I remembered AJ's.) They had quite a spread of various choices perfect for game day. The meatballs... oh my god. Picked up a palmier for me in the bakery - - which was delicioso and perfect in every way (sans the calories and sugar content). Turned back around to the deli and got some sliced salami..... wonderful pepper jack cheese. Up now to the dairy area to find some dips, and went with an awesome local made Tzatziki. Went over to the produce and got some carrots and celery. But... made a last pit stop in the wine section. Wow. How awesome -- they had a sommelier on hand, helping me select the exact wine, taste, quality, price range that I was looking for. I soooo appreciated that! He confirmed my choice and really helped me. That was awesome. Off to the check-out experience - - and wow, what a friendly check-out lady!! Clearly she loves working here, and it was such a treat to be respected as a customer. (Whether she knows she did that or not -- I believe that is just how she treats all customers. But it really did affirm why it was alright to spend maybe, just a wee bit more.) Customer service is everything these days. I think I'll find another time, very soon, to shop here again.
Nice surprise... we had breakfast here for mothers day. What a mellow atmosphere & the food was really great! I had the veggie eggs on ciabatta. I love crunch so the texture of that bread in contrast with those yummy eggs were divine. And my eggs had eggplant! YUM!! My sis had the frenchtoast & my aunt had the Eggs Benedict. Nice size servings & the price can't be beat! We will all be here again.
Great Food!!! I always have their smoked salmon & lox bagel or their Miami Ham Panini. Fresh Food, Friendly staff! We go out of our way to get breakfast or lunch here when we can! Highly recommend!
not sure why they changed the name from squaw peak. sup witdhat? now, back to happy thoughts. it's my 2nd favorite hike in phx. i've seen someone seriously injured on this mountain in the past (not happy times). the very last climb right before you reach the top scares me the most. it feels like you can/will fall right over the side of this monster. you have to be in some type of shape to get up this mountain but i still think it easier than camelback. i have no idea how people run up and down this peak but everytime i go, sure enough somebody runs right past me. oh and camelback is my #1
5 stars for the variety and well kept trails. I recall a previous time when this was called "Squaw Peak" but the new name commemorates the "first nation" female soldier lost in the Iraq war. Most visitors think about he 1.2 mile hike to the top of the summit. While that is a good hike for those with limited time and it is also a great workout, there is much more to be seen in the park. Much more. Once you've done the peak and are looking for more variety and fewer people, explore the rest of this vast park. I suggest you drive to the very North end of the road where it dead ends. Park there and head North along one of two routes, enjoy a nice loop trek West with a big choice of routes and distances. I think the nature trail stops with plant identification are great to help folks understand what they're around. Piestewa Trails wander through a landscape of ocotillos, saguaros, barrel cactus and palo verde trees. Don't forget to bring water.
I love how you can go hiking outside..... across ravines, some steep climbs, quick runs, jump or skip across some small boulders, take some gorgeous photos -- all while still within a major metropolitan city! It's great... you don't have to travel too far to get here. Weather has been absolutely gorgeous lately. We started off by parking in the Hopi lot, and then trekking out, over, above and beyond, and back for about 3.5 miles. It was great because when we were climbing up mostly we were in the shade. We encountered several other hikers, runners, runners w/ dogs, and mountain bikers. But it was never crowded. Great outdoor activity to appreciate Phoenix.
If you are reading this, you are probably trying to figure out if it's worth the sweat and tan. Now that you are passed that, I will have to tell you that compared to its cousin, Camelback Mountain, it's a notch easier. The nicer, convenient aspect of coming here is parking is a lot better! There's about three little lots that is in the vicinity of the main trail. If you are lucky to see somebody pull out, make a dash! Otherwise, you will have to park along the side streets and neighborhood which means more walking. For most of the trail it gets progressively steeper with some straights and flats. As you get closer to the top, there are some rails to guide you. The one thing that you should know is that the boulders and rocks have sharp edges. You could potentially cut yourself if you slip or fall. Definitely go at a gentler pace if you are a beginner or intermediate hiker. The view is excellent once you reach the top. You can pan everywhere and see downtown. To sum up, it was fun, sweaty, and worth it. This is definitely the type of activity you want to work those glutes and legs.
One if my favorite bikes, great Beja and just enough cardio!! High recommend and very busy at times
unfortunately due to 1070 i can't come back. this is hilarious, they want me to confirm that my review is written in English. Thanks, joe, you schmuck
Great French food. Steak au poivre is fabulous. Scallops and guyere app is to die for. Quiet and romantic. Nice bar.
Little known watering hole, becoming the spot to get a cold beer and enjoy a great meal. The kitchen is behind the bar, the atmosphere is unique and origional as any good hideaway should be. The place has always been packed but people have always been coming and going so there's never been a wait. Unless you get enough people to reserve the back dinning room I would only suggest 2-4 people as seating can be difficult.
I was introduced to Dicks one Sunday morning and instantly fell in love. Ehm, um, I meant fell in love with Dick's Hideaway. Not that there is anything wrong with falling in love with dicks. Nevermind. I love Mexican-style food for breakfast. Why can't eggs be served with beans, tortillas, and green chile sauce? I have had the Carne Adovado with eggs and the Huevos Ranchers. Both are excellent. Served with tortillas, potatoes, beans, and a healthy serving of cheese. It has always come out piping hot on really cool pewter-type plates. I love pewter plates! Makes me feel like a knight or something. It is not the biggest of places and sitting can be sparse depending on time of week and time of day. Sundays they offer mimosas. It is truly a hideaway. It is hidden on the West side of 16th St in a strip mall, under cover of some viney type plant. I have used type thing 4 times now. Anyway, give this place a shot. It is awesome.
I love the food, (especially brunch) I love the music and I especially love your $5 mimosas.
Probably my favorite breakfast spot. Depending on my mood, this is how it's done, eggs are either over easy or poached: Shrimp enchiladas -- red and green chile Huevos Rancheros -- red and green chile Carne Adovada -- red only Lately, it's been a lot of enchilada, though I feel the huevos rancheros starting a resurgence! Breakfast entrees are about $10 -12 and worth every penny.
This is one place I can eat dinner every night (and brunch, too). I have been going here for years and it has never disappointed!
You want a fantastic breakfast with a southwestern twist? You found it. My favorites are the enchiladas and eggs with pork green chili. Or the green chili meatloaf and eggs. Or the tenderloin benedict with jalapeno hollandaise! It's really just hard to go wrong here. A bit tricky to find as there is no sign but take the time and hunt it down I promise you'll love it!
We were searching for a spot for lunch during a training. We chose Dick's On fellow yelpers suggestions. The atmosphere was funny and cozy. The menu is full of delicious southwestern fare. I ordered a specially created (by me) hamburger and fries. It was fresh and delicious. My friends also enjoyed their food. The enchiladas were particularly tasty. This is definitely a great place to try. They have some great daily specials.
First had to find the place! After driving in circles - I saw the address on the door. There is NO SIGN. Look for the beat up brown wooden door. Ordered take out- New Mexico enchiladas with green chile pork, shrimp & chicken with green chile. Yummy!!!! Served with beans, rice and a tortilla. Ate about 1/3rd of my entree. Large portion. Looking forward to leftovers. Worth locating. Looking forward to returning to try other menu items.
"Hideaway" is the only way to describe it. Even with GPS, I had to drive by several times and finally just walked up to the door. There was no sign, and the only reason I recognized it was because there was a sign hanging inside the door with the other restaurants in the 'family's' names on them. There was a private party in the dining room, which made it even more cramped than most people have described. We were at a ledge facing the wall in the back of the bar. The coziness didn't bother me, but I could see how it might not be loved by everyone. I had to order the carne adovado after all the rave reviews, and it was definitely equal to its reputation. I wished I didn't have breakfast plans for the next morning, because I would have loved to have made another meal. I love spicy food, and it was definitely up there on the heat scale. My dining companion ordered the sliders and the waiter was very good about not putting chile sauce on them. I was drinking beer, but the wine list looked good and the bar was well stocked. It was definitely worth the struggle to find it. Be patient!
I love this store. The vintage clothing is supreme. Heavy in theater quality pieces, so for me I love it because I love bling. For men and women the clothes picked are beautiful and have glam. They are concentrated in the 60's and 70's. I love the time periods they cover, and each item is in impecable shape. I have noticed when they have had bathing suits, they will carry items that are very rare, and very popular, the 60's mod, the bondgirl bikini, the gidget era styles. Now beyond the clothing, the store has a very wide selection of vintage housewares, furniture, and luggage. They have AMAZING decorative items, and the items are very modern, and in great shape. A must.
I had my Baby with me when I went, so I didn't have too much time to explore. What I saw made me happy, happy, happy! Looking forward to going back! Already recommend this place to friends who share my love of retro style! ....... Oh and the girl who was working the day I went it was REALLY NICE! Makes it so much more enjoyable when the staff is personable and helpful!!!!! Very welcoming!
Tomaso's is classic (northern) Italian in an old country setting, straight up. I was concerned after hanging around Little Italy for a month that Arizona's fare would not measure up. I was wrong. Granted, we did not have the standard experience as we came on Christmas Eve, but the staff was friendly and warm. As we watched food being served, it seemed the same dishes kept coming up over and over again, which is good since our rookie order overlapped: - Tuscan Legume Soup ($8): Enjoyable but otherwise unremarkable. - Mozzarella Caprese ($13): Sized for two and executed excellently. - Fish Roulade ($29): Special of the evening was fish rolled with crab and lobster meat over spinach with lobster ravioli. How can one go wrong? One can't. - Scampi Caprese & Lobster Ravioli ($28): I'd call this a miss but I'm in the minority as my parents both enjoyed it and most of the restaurant seemed to agree. - The Best Lasagna Ever ($24): A bold claim, but this really was the best lasagna I've had in a very long time - balanced flavors and not too heavy. For dessert, an adequate tiramisu was heavily overshadowed in both size and preference by a monster cannoli. Tomaso's is a little on the expensive side but one is clearly paying for quality of atmosphere, service and food. It meets the difficult bar of somewhere on which both my meat and potatoes parents and I can agree. For a special occasion (or on an expense account) I'd definitely drop in again.
Lens Crafters.....Sweet Tomatoes.....Target.....AMC theatre......Island Burgers.....Kohl's.....Just Sports.....Marshall's......Albertson's....Blockbuster....Sprint Store.....Gamestop.....you get my point. I have visited all these locations at Desert Ridge and this is by far is my favorite mall in the valley....not to mention it is only about 10 minutes from my apt....and 12 minutes from my job. Parking is good....but if you must go do it in the afternoon if you want to get in and out....because at night it gets real crowded there and traffic is a nightmare. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
I live within walking distance of the Japanese Friendship Garden, so I enjoy it frequently. Once inside, it's hard to believe you're still in Phoenix. That's why I was so happy when Groupon recently offered a half-price membership. I would join in a minute, except they're closed from May to October or so. Half-price membership seems about right. The atmosphere is gentle and meditative. I feel safe sitting on a bench and actually meditating here. The koi kind of freak me out. They've been fed so often by visitors that I feel fairly certain they'd eat me if I fell into the pond. Last time I visited, there were baby ducks in the house. So cute and fluffy, and they had no fear of people.
Like many other reviewers I had not gotten to this treasure while intending to for years. This garden is not as mature as some but it is a lovely respite. I went first for an earthquake fund raiser and then joined when I saw the Groupon. We took family from out of town and the membership paid for itself even with the summer closure.
Stayed here for one night, and absolutely LOVED it. Our room was really clean and had a nice view of the pool and the hot buns laying out below. The bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. The front desk staff was always really helpful and friendly. We had a great time hanging out at C4. The waitresses were super nice, even after having to deal with some of my pretty drunk friends. The drinks were stiff enough for me to get a nice buzz going, and well priced. Ordered room service and it was taking a little longer then I was told it would, so I called and it was sent up a few minutes later, and was told it would be NO CHARGE..Nice! The sandwich was delicious too! This will definitely be the hotel we stay at next time we are in Phoenix. Same price as the other hotels around town, but so much cooler.
The Clarendon is an incredible place. Not only is it an independent hotel, it's affordable (especially during off-times), it's hip, and it offers unmatched value in Phoenix. Why stay in a bland Hilton or a sketchy Motel 6 when you can stay at this funky hotel for about the same price or even less? I booked a King room in November for an incredibly great price and had a phenomenal experience. We were greeted warmly at check-in and offered free wine; yes please! There were no hidden fees, and our parking spot was covered and well-lit. I felt safe walking between the car and the hotel, even late at night. You can't discount the value of safety. Our room was great. It was very colorful and retro, with tilt-shift/lomography prints on the walls. We had a big, comfy bed with ample pillows and a funky settee. The flat panel TV was a major plus, and my boyfriend and I both loved the long dresser/desk which accommodated both of our computers. All of the little touches - from the drawer pulls to the carpet - made our room feel special from the moment we walked in. Now, to close, I present the Amazing List of Free Things at The Clarendon: 1. Covered Parking 2. Wine at Check-in 3. Pool and gym 4. Wi-Fi 5. Minibar after dark (Candy, snacks, soda!) 6. Photogenic Surroundings Need I say more? The Clarendon rocks, and I can't wait to go back again!
The Clarendon is now our go to hotel while visiting Phoenix. It is affordable and the resort fee is worth it as it includes free parking, free long distance and local calls, free internet, and free snacks and drinks at the front desk. The staff were polite, helpful, and very nice. The hotel itself is super super cool-the pool, decor, and art displayed all eclectic and unique. And I cannot say enough great things about the restaurant downstairs! We literally ate there everyday several times a day during our stay. It was delicious! Yes, the bar and restaurant close early, but if you want a late night meal you can walk a block to Fez. Even with it's quirks, The Clarendon is still amazing. We felt right at home with all the creative types who were staying and/or hanging at the bar. We will be back!
My wife and I make it our priority to stay at the Clarendon for our anniversary every year and this tradition will continue. The Clarendon is a great example of how the little guy can really stand out when extra effort is put in. I own a small business and when I am on the road, I am always looking for good value to go along with a quality product. The Clarendon delivers. Rooms are super clean and look great. One of the most comfortable beds in town. And the pool!!! We head here in the summer just to hang out there and at the rooftop patio. I tell all my friends to come to the Clarendon!!!
I saw this place on TV and they raved about the Onion Rings. So I was in the area and stopped in and tried them. They were right, these rings are in a whole other league from what I was used to. I also tried the Steak Soft Tacos. Guess what, they were full of steak instead of lettuce like a lot of other taco places. And the steak actually tasted like steak! Not just some meat filler. I didn't try the fried chicken or the Calamari, that's for next time. I will definitely be back. When you find a place this good you'll drive out of your way to treat yourself, I know I will!
My husband and I have been going to the Touch of Thai for years. We meet up there at least twice a month for a lunch date. On special occasions we take friends and family there for dinner. I love the wait staff - especially Nick! His wonderful sarcasm and jokes always make our day! For the amount of food you get at lunch at the price they charge - you can't beat it. Everything is homemade and tastes fresh. #3 Yellow Curry is my hubby's favorite. Rich coconut based sauce with yellow curry. The chicken is tender and the potatoes and carrots are cooked perfectly. I venture off and try things from time to time. The food is spicy. I like the incorporation of fresh herbs into the dishes. The soup served with lunch is always yummy and changes from time to time. We always get a side order of spring rolls. You need to try these! I like the Pad Thai as well as the #5 and #7 lunch specials. Meals are served fairly quickly. Sometimes we have to get up and refill our own water glasses however I find this to be a wee bit charming. Feels like I am home. If you go there on a regular basis the servers remember you, have your order into the kitchen before you even are seated, and always say hello and smile.
Great Thai food. Great selection. Prices are too low. I normally take home leftovers for a lunch the next day, so cost-wise it's like eating at McDonalds, but taste-wise it's fantastic. You are probably in disbelief but try this place once. Note - I just drink water so if you get a beer that will change your cost equation
Touch of Thai used to have a location in old town Scottsdale. I are their pad thai, no joke at least twice a week. I loved their pad thai so much and frequented the place to the point where the owner John knew my name and order. Unfortunately it closed down and just kept their second location open. I now drive 35 minutes to dine here. I wish they would once more open a location in Tempe or Scottsdale. It's so authentic delicious and satisfying I crave it all the time. Highly recommend. However the Scottsdale location was much cleaner than this one. Still trying to find something local and comparable. Thai house is good but just not as good. Love Touch of Thai.
Good God, finally! you can actually taste the fact that everything here is organic. That might sound strange, but you can. The salad was divine and perfectly dressed. Even the whipped cream on my pecan pie was scratch with a taste of vanilla and cinnamon. The bread served just barely before the meal was warm, soft & dense on the inside, crusty outside. this place is perfection and, not cheap, but we only go once a year, so there you go.
ugHHhhhhh just had the spinach enchiladas and some really good maragaritas and I'm so satisfied. If you don't like spinach, their flautas are pretty O worthy. Anyways I could walk to this place, but being on the broke side a little can't afford to eat here too much SOOOOO THANK GOD FOR THEIR BUY ONE GET ONE 1/2 OFF....I went through like a ton of new times and ripped out some of them lol. Was there last thursday for my birthday. My friend and I drank all day at work and rolled in around 8 and sat at the bar...filled up on chips and salsa(which are yummy) had peach margaritas and ordered food to-go for a little later when we'd be craving it. Bartender was way cool, bought us some shots for my birthday. Had a thing called a DOgma which I regret because I felt it bad the next day. OOOO how i regret it :)
Me and my wife go to this restaurant at least once a week and love it. The happy hour even runs on Saturday and is a super good deal. Appetizers are half off during happy hour and are super delish. I mostly get the wings which are very good and definitely compete with your local wing restaurant. Service is mostly fast unless they are just absolutely slammed. If you sit in the bar-ask for Ashley- best waitress here and she always does an amazing job.
One of my favorite happy hour spots! The Mexican potato skins are half price during happy hour and really good! Plus happy hour goes late and is on the weekends.
This gets five stars for having grilled cheese and tomato soup on the menu and for letting me eat it to one of the best indie playlists I've heard in a while.
i still have nothing bad to say about the Roosevelt. i have been comfortable in every room of this building. my current favorite room is the forward room with the couch and arm chairs. very comfortable to just relax and put your feet up. the middle room is good for a group of friends who would like to chit chat and nosh on some food. the table set ups are high and the stool/chairs are of equal height. if you are in a large group, there is the back room which has a large table for group conversation and some sit down food and drinks. my least favorite room is the room off the front door..and only because it can be very drafty in there when the door doesn't want to stay closed. but it's still very comfortable just to sit and have a beer. i honestly have never sat at the bar...but i am usually here with friends or want to be left alone. so sitting at the bar doesn't really suit me. the prices are decent, 4.5 on the low end, 6 on the high end for a draft and they have specialty large bottles for a bit more. the food is also really good. but like most places wax and waine depending on the day and staff. lol. pretzel still rocks my socks. my only issue is as a smoker, i have to be corraled into a small nook off to the right of the outdoors kitchen, hidden behind a tree..."is arik over there?" " dunno all i see is a tree" ohh well. i'm a pariah for smoking anyways. i'm used to it. overall i can confirm this is my favorite place to drink and relax.
L O V E I am certainly adding this place to my growing list of favorite downtown bars. The vibe was so spot on, I could probably come here 3 nights a week and not be mad about it. I love the seating, even though it makes absolutely no sense. Comfy couches and chairs big enough for Brad E. and I to share and fit both of our badonkadonks in.. trust me on that.. junk. in. the. trunk. I ran into Joel L. here also, which is always a pleasure. Apparently the tomato soup and grilled cheese is absolutely phenomenal, and I am craving it more than anything in the entire world right now. The bartender boosted my ego about 63 notches by telling me what a lovely redhead I was, so thank you sir. You are the most wonderful person of the weekend. Their beer list is also killer and the outdoor seating area is big enough for a frat party. I honestly cant wait to come back here. If anyone, I mean, ANYONE is in the mood for The Roosevelt, call a bitch, I am so there.
Qdoba is just another cheap Mexican place (very similar to Chipotle) but it's still really good! Expect the usual combinations of rice, bean, meat, etc... but they have a wider variety of choices like taco salads and quesidillas too. The place was clean and the staff was quick, helpful and polite. Plus Qdoba offers a frequent buyers card and you can redeem your "points" for free food. Eveybody like free food!
I love this place the more I go to it! The service is completely out of the ordinary for fast food and now they have something called, Mexican Gumbo. Holy schneikies it's good!!! Can't beat the prices either! If I had a choice of this place over Chipotle, I would choose Qdoba ANY day!!!
So we have two weeks in Phoenix, and we came with a list of old favorite places, and 5th Ave Cafe was on the list! I always order the Chorizo Cowboy Skillet with corn tortillas and add a side of bacon. This is probably not good for me. My wife orders the Mediterranean Omelet with a side of fruit. This is probably better for her. In either case, we consistently enjoy our breakfasts here. In fact, out of all the breakfast places in Phoenix, this is the one that we both enjoy every time. The service this morning was quick, and in spite of a huge rush, the servers were kind of awesome.
Had the Cowboy Breakfast scramble, delicious. I'm in Phoenix every 6 weeks for work and I know I'll be back.
My favorite go to place for breakfast & lunch! Everything on the menu is delicious, good home cooked comfort food. My hubby introduced me to this place about 10 years ago and I/we are regulars. Customers are always welcomed with a greeting & a smile. Service is great! Wonderful place to have a quick business lunch or leisurely meal with a friend, while service is quick, you never feel rushed. The owners, Dawn & Earl, make time to know their customers & check in with all. Balthazar usually has my iced tea at my table as soon as I sit down and Gabby, Crystal, Jesse & Paula take excellent care of us. LOVE THIS PLACE!
Excellent service and customer care. Should be paying for for the quality work done on your car. Love this little place
I go there almost every week. When my mom comes down from Payson to go shopping, we always end the day at Harley's. Our favorite waiter, Justin, gave us both nicknames. It's a real, down-to-earth place, where seriously...everyone knows my name! The food is GREAT! I'm always ordering something different and have never been disappointed. It's in Melrose, a neighborhood on 7th Ave between Camelback and Indian School. I live nearby and can walk home to walk off my awesome meal. They also have a new outdoor patio. Service is excellent!
We ended up here last night after the first restaurant we tried to go to had an hour long wait. (thank you, first restaurant!) It's one of those places that I have driven by a thousand times and never stopped in. I guess I now know what I've been missing for the last four and a half years. The place has been serving Italian food for over fifty years. That's pretty crazy, when you consider how transient this city can be. The owners have changed, but the food is still fantastic. I had the Fettucine Della Casa- fettucine with a tomato cream sauce, smothered with fresh mushrooms, roasted red peppers, proscuitto and chicken. It was amazing- rich, but not overpowering, flavorful but not overwhelming. My dining companion was not so over the moon about his order- Linguine Alla Vongole (clams sauteed with parsley and garlic, served over linguine with a white wine sauce)- but he admits that he thought he was getting something different than what actually showed up on the plate. He enjoyed the clams, but he thought the white wine sauce didn't have much flavor. The bread and oil that starts the meal is so good, I could just eat that. The wine selection isn't too wide, but it's enough to ensure that there's something for everyone. Our server was great. He was friendly and attentive without being overbearing. The way he described the daily specials and dessert selections, you would have thought he crafted them himself. The atmosphere in the restaurant is really nice. A romantic date wouldn't be out of place here, nor would a casual dinner with friends or family. There is no hint of pretentiousness anywhere, and they don't care how you're dressed or what you look like. Everyone is welcome here. I can't wait to go back. There were so many dishes on the menu that sounded fantastic, and choosing one was hard. Time to try out the rest of them!
This place is amazing!! Orange chicken is way better than panda!! Pork fried rice and my dinner is complete!! Definitely best prices around town!!
This place has some of the best gyro and chicken shawarma wraps I've ever had in Phoenix! The yogurt sauce is perfect and the spices are delicious. The wraps are packed with food, and the fries have a delicious seasoning added (that isn't too salty). The owner is very nice, we always feel very welcomed when we come in. I'm excited to see what the rest of their menu is like! Essentially, here you will get delicious middle eastern food at a very low price. :)
What is this silver disc thingy in this plastic box?? Yes, it's weird to walk into a record store these days. An actual record store how novel! I am so used to downloading music that I forgot how visceral of an experience shopping for records can be. Stinksweed's still has actual vinyl albums of new and old releases, and a good selection of CDs to make even the most avid music fan entertained. The place is chill and has listening stations set up all over so you can hang out and check out different albums. You won't fell rushed, it's super laid back and you are able to peruse at your leisure, regardless of your musical tastes. Overall this place is excellent, it's just hard to pay more than 9.99 for an album. I know CD quality is better than mp3 or bit torrent downloads, but still the idea of reducing the packaging and costs to ship physical disks is always a plus in this 21st century "green" economy. I do hope places like Stinkweed's will always exist, I just can't see the record store model being supported much longer, as companies cut production costs, physical music media will go the way of VHS tapes, and 8-tracks. I try to pretend, when looking at a record in it's pristine sleeve, what it was like to walk into a record store in the 60's and see the new Beatles or Velvet Underground or to finally get the British release of Joy Division's Closer in the US markets in the early 80s. It was a simplistic time where shopping for music was more personal, and the music store was a place to hang out like any other bar, coffee shop, or local cafe. Being part of Gen X, I remember record stores, and I miss them. Long live the record store!
I LOVE Stinkweeds and I miss it so much since I moved to Portland last summer. I know, I know, Portland is supposed to be a great city for indie music and record stores, and that's true...to an extent. There are some cool stores with good selection, but the used CD's are overpriced and the clerks are often rude, which is never the case at Stinkweeds. I know people think record stores are on their way out, but as long as there are people who appreciate the higher audio quality of CD's and the wonderful tactile experience of an actual product in their hands, places like Stinkweeds will have a bright future. P.S. - as I write this, I'm back in Phoenix for the holidays, and I can't wait to spend some of my gift money at Stinkweeds!
I don't know how they survive with the download competition but I am so glad they do.
Hipster Mecca. Come here for new vinyl, not for the old stuff. They have all the hip, indie stuff on brand-new, in the package, hot off the press vinyl. Come here for indie stuff. If you want to get that look that says someone has recognized your coolness for requesting The Fireman (look it up if you don't know. I mean it) this is the place. The people who work here are super-helpful, super-knowledgable, super friendly and have super-powers (one of these things is not entirely true). They are so in the loop that it makes you feel really cool if you stump them, like let's day you walk in and say "Hey is that Tim Seely album out yet?" and they say "Who?" and you get that look like "I got you bitch, I got you!(playfully of course)" then they give you that look like "oh man you got me!" Then you give them the Mentos smile and elaborate "The dude from Actual Tigers." On a related note I am really awesome. They offer to order anything you can't find. My one complaint is the way the used CDs are set up in the tiny cubbies up top makes it hard to scan them but it is a small complaint for such a charming place.
Great boutique record store. Friendly staff. A must visit in Phx!
Excellent service. Excellent meals. I had the fajita combo chimi and my wife had the combo grande burrito.
Consider it a hidden gem!!! Shhhhh do not tell no one though. Tucked away by the south mountain and hidden from a casual observer the resort itself and its restaurant Latitude 30 are not something you accidentally run across, but totally worth seeking out. Restaurant itself is very nice with beautiful leaded windows and dark wood paneling. It nicely presents itself as a very classy, rich atmosphere lifted from somewhere early last century (And if you kick out all the people with tank tops and baseball hats, it will totally work for the set of some period movie.) Patio is very spacious and adorned with great flowers, trees and shrubbery. Hidden in there corner there is small lit fountain. It really is very romantic and peaceful. That is where we spent our evening - On the patio. Service was excellent without being obnoxious. We received free appetizer compliment of the chef. Actual food itself was superb and arrived rather quick. Their menu is not huge but full of interesting stuff you might be hard pressed to find easily. Wine list follows same guidelines. Our desert was free, which came as surprise to us, because i told them it was our anniversary, so that was unexpected and cool. All i can tell you - if this joint would be in Snotsdale it would be crawling with people, line would be insane and prices would be 3x as much. But, as its not, it was 1/2 empty, we had almost entire patio to ourselves, and whole dinner with a bottle of wine was a bit over $100. It was friggin great!!! Absolutely romantic place for a special occasion or a date. "I like" "Very nice" Eugene
It even smells amazing in here. I think most of these reviews covered it. But I have to say the jewelry selection and line of Chymia body butter and oil sealed the deal. I'm definitely setting aside a good hour post-election to do a legit perusal of this place. Amazing.
This place is neat! There is something for everyone. There are all kinds of cute clothes, journals, checkbook covers, shoes, baby clothes, dolls, and I could go on and on. The lady at the sales counter was also very welcoming and friendly. I bought a barette and was offered to have my purchase gift wrapped. It seems that service like that only gets offered at fancy snotty stores anymore. Thank you Frances for having a down to earth, ecletic, and friendly place to shop.
I went here this weekend with a friend we used a restaurants.com Coupon and I am so glad we went, one of the great things about having the coupon is you have to spend a certain dollar amount and then you get to try more. We were able to have an appetizer to share, we each ordered a salad and our own Pizza and shared a desert, the appetizer Bruschetta "Va Bene" was amazing I honestly thought it was some of the best I had ever had. the salads were amazing I had the Insalata con Rucola it had Fresh arugula with sliced apples, pecans, crumbled feta cheese in a raspberry vinaigrette. the feta cheese was so mild the flavors melded together like a dance. The pizza I had was the Margherita and it was delicious the crust was thin yet soft and crunchy and it was just ever so lightly sauced, and totally perfect, My friend had the Fungi Salsiccia I am not a fan at all of Mushrooms but it still looked really good. We then shared a Crme brle and it had a wonderful light lemon flavor. Our server was attentive and knowledgeable and the wait time for every dish was minimal. The dining room though was an experience in its self it was dimly lit but still full of drama and ambiance beautiful red velvet curtains on the windows and light cream sheers in the middle various painting that looked like Picasso's and the music was so Fun Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin and the likes. I would most defiantly come here again!
Why did I have such a good time here, again? Was it because I was with the best of company & just couldn't go wrong? Vig sure does make my date nights go well though, I'll say that much. Friday after 11. I wore black flats, not my checkered vans. The door guy didn't say squat about liking my shoes. So I'm pretty sure he doesn't say that to all the girls. That made me like him even more. I think he genuinely likes my vans. Hmm not always easy to find a seat. The host is gone & it's "seat yourself". Made it to the back bar. Got a couple drinks. I was being leered at by 2 guys pushing 60. Uncomfortable, so we moved. We got a table & 2 different servers asked us if we'd been helped. We moved tables. No server. We sat in some chairs. No server. Meh... Also, Meow-meow might be preggers. She looked a little on the fat side.
I'm a big fan of this place! It's a great spot to just relax and enjoy. Their patio is awesome! I always get the "vings" when I go. I think they have the best wings around! they have a lot of great food for anyones likes. They also have a good beer selection and a well balanced wine list. The service is relaxed yet on point. Thomas has been my server on multiple occasions, very nice guy and knows his stuff. I will be coming back again and again. Keep up the good work!! :)
We love the vig and dont go enough. We are just a couple blocks away and always have such a good time when we go. The atmosphere is the best part about this place. You can go and hang out for a drink or app and be happy or come and hang out for the night with lawn games. Every time we come we try to get different things, but sometimes there are just good staples on the menu like the wings or the burgers. The ramen was really good the one time I had it but HUGE! We could have split that between 3-4 people. Bottom line is that this place has great drinks, staff and a great patio (including meow meow) and should be visited regularly.
Love the Vig! The service, food, and atmosphere are fantastic! The Mac and cheese is stellar and always a kid favorite- they added it to the regular menu and it is awesome- add chicken, sausage, bacon or broccoli in it is fantastic! Other favorites the deconstructed tacos, the flatiron steak (although slightly better at the uptown location because they crush the pistachios there), and the wings - regular or this spicy are among the best around!
This place it's awesome, great menu, excellent prices, wonderful food. Highly recommended!!! I know I will get dinner there tonight!
I ordered my usual lunch combo special- Cashew Chicken with lo mein instead of the brown rice... their lunch combo is a lot of band for your buck. you get the entree, listed above, 2 cream cheese wontons, and an eggroll for a little more than 8 bucks after tax. substituting the lo mein for the brown rice costs a dollar more but that's fine since I really don't care for the brown rice. I always call in my order and they have it ready when I get there. Sweet staff. Love it!!!
According to the adage, fools rush in where angels fear to tread. And so, only after my girlfriend and I suddenly found ourselves the new owners of a 6-week old Shih-Tzu puppy at 5:30 p.m. on Saturday, did we begin to realize the magnitude of our predicament. Wag N' Wash is on our drive home, so we called them to see if they were still open, and they informed us that they would be closing at 6:00. We hurried there, hoping we could make it before they closed. Our experience was top-notch. Although we got there a few minutes before 6:00, nobody raised an eyebrow. Employees at many places would resent having to help a customer who showed up at closing time, and would rush that customer. Not here. There were four employees cleaning and tidying up. They all came over to meet our new family addition, and were genuinely happy to help us put together a "puppy starter kit." Their suggestions were particularly helpful to me, as a first-time dog owner. Even the groomer who was still there came out to meet her, and offered up a "sanitary" clipping and wash. On Sunday, we commented several times about how much harder it would have been to have gotten through the first night if the good folks at Wag N' Wash hadn't been so awesome. So we went back!
This is the only place I shop for my dog. great product. informed staff. And good services. Plus the bakery is awesome!!!
I've been going since they opened. I love this place bc they are always friendly and they carry my dog's brand of food. Even though PetSmart started carrying her food, this is the place I always come back to. My dog needs solid, strong toys and this place ALWAYS has the best toys for her. This is my go to place for fresh baked treats, dinner and toys for my puppy friend.
It's the laGrande Orange of Pet Stores.
I take my two dogs there who are well over 50 pounds with LOTS of fur! The staff is always very helpful and I love that they take care of the mess! Great place with great prices
I love this place! They are all so helpful and knowledgeable and they LOVE DOGS!!! Wish that were the case everywhere! These people are just the best. Great service every time I go! Great selection and suggestions in regards to chews and toys and health aides. The groomer with the long blonde hair is fabulous! She loves her job and all the dogs and she does excellent work! I have had groomers do shotty work on my dog for half the price and this woman knocks it out of the park for a bargain 45 bucks! They also have a great rewards program and you can't beat the self service wash!! Don't be intimidated, the awesome employees will help you figure it out! And not just the first time but as many times as you need (like me). They also have natural healthy fresh baked dog treats and birthday cakes for the big day! Would you believe they were sold out the night I went to get one on my dogs birthday? Go early or call it in! The staff is also very well versed in where to take your precious pets for all your needs that can't be met there. If you have never been please go see for yourself! These guys are all just dialed and not just one on one occasion but everyone I encounter every time I go. Oh how I've missed quality service and competent people. It's always clean too! I love this place and my puppy does too!
Love this place...friendly and knowledgeable staff always ready to help. Highly recommend.
I LOVE this place! While randomly driving through the Melrose District, I came upon this lovely treasure. This place doesn't look like much from the outside, and you very well might drive right past, but look for it and go in! Every room I walked into, there was another room to explore, and each room had a ton of different goods. When you walk into this store, you might initially think the stuff is all junk, but it's not. There's more quality products than junk here, and the prices are usually right. I ended up exploring for two hours here and then bought a red dresser that probably couldn't be found anywhere else for $45. The man working there was nice enough to bring the dresser outside by my car and also offered to load it for me. I plan to return again and again to furnish my new apt, and I can't wait! Be forewarned though: All sales are FINAL. (though i can't imagine you'd want to return anything you bought here!)
Love this place! I recently found several one of a kind items here for my contemporary/rustic remodel. One of my favorite items purchased was an old green door that I converted into a computer desk. The little old man that works behind the counter is very nice and always willing to carry my items purchased out to my car. Stock changes about one a week so if you like digging for treasures this is the place for you!
For the last three years I've been a huge fan of the 7th Ave shops. LOVE THEM! But lately, I realize that Qcumberz is the BEST, has a fantastic choice of unique, classy, trendy and funky items; big, medium and small. I was there twice this weekend. Each day, the person/people I was with bought something. How can you not if you're a decorator like myself and appreciate one of a kind pieces? I bought a couple of things but my main find was my gorgeous window. It's old (of course) arched at the top, stands 7 feet high and 3 feet wide. A perfect addition to my beautiful (yes, suburban) home that lacks the architectural detail that I love. Seriously, the price? OMG VERY INEXPENSIVE. I'm on a budget so I saw it one day, went home to "think" about it and do some research, and found you can't touch it for under 300, anywhere. And the cordial people at Qcumberz price their goods so reasonably, it was under three digits. YES!!! They have alluring doors that add so much to your space (just sit them on your floor), and of course the trendy metal letters, mine was small and only $1..yes that's right ONE DOLLAR.... yes, it is metal, not plastic. The iron work is to die for, so don't forget that even though it's hot as hell out right now, go outside to the yard in back; major good finds there. Throughout the shop you'll find baskets, paintings, vintage clothing, furniture, industrial wire baskets (those were a bit on the high side though) wood carvings.....the list goes on. The biggest compliment I have had about my space was when I was having a party and someone commented that it looked very "European". I love that. Items at Qcumberz will add to my old world look. BUT, Qcumberz have items that will add to any look you're trying to create, in any space Take a little stroll right across the street to another fine shop where you can be amazingly inspired, but not able to buy because the prices are way high...then go back over to Qcumberz and find the same thing at a fraction of the price. LOVE IT! Ooops, did I mention the people who work there are extremely friendly? Well they are! Thanks Qcumberz for keeping your prices so reasonable, your finds unique and your stock full!! I"ll be back, count on that.
Shopped with my daughter on Saturday. What a fun place full of unique garden and architectural salvage. Will definitely go back. Prices are a bit on the high end but fair considering the age, condition, and their "uniqueness." If you hate the same-same of other stores, you will love shopping here!
Just remember they are closed on Monday and closed seasonal on Tuesday
I love this place - they've got great stuff in all price ranges and even better - they recognize you when you haven't been into the shop in years!!
Delicious hole in the wall! Authentic through and through!!! Try the carne asada quesadilla, enchilada suizas or the chile relleno
Well deserved. Delicious food. The chips were crunchy. Salsa was super fresh. Shrimp ceviche was generous and tasty. And the meals, wow.
This place is such a find. We had family friends that used to own a little cafe in the complex so my mom and I ventured over to check out A Second Look one day. Let me just say, this is not your typical consignment store. It reminds me more of a boutique of treasures. The place is super clean and well kept and they always have a really wide variety of items in the store. I have found so many awesome things in here, I couldn't even begin to list them all. They have everything from paintings, to fancy outing attire, to cds...and even a little cafe in the back. I could spend hours in this store checking everything out. One of the best finds was some Ansel Adams framed photography. (I am a huge Ansel fan!!!) Best part ,of course, is the steals you get!!! They have a pricing system based on how long an item has been in the store. Everything has a date on it and they have signs conveniently located all over the store that show you the dates of when the item will be reduced. I have picked up many things for 50% - 75% off. This place is ideal if you are on a budget and looking to add some flare to your home decor or if you are just in the mood for browsing for a good deal!!
Wow in reading some of these reviews, I honestly don't understand all the negativity unless they are from competitors trying to bring this place down a notch! I started shopping here about a year ago and the place is fabulous! I can't begin to tell you the wonderful finds I have made here. Besides the pricing, what I like is that this store is well organized and all of the items are new or like new. I've purchased things still in the original packaging. The used things are so gently used you sometimes wonder if they are brand new without the packaging. I've been to some other places where the quality is "early attic" and the prices are outrageous. This is the place to go for one-of-a-kind, well-priced household items. The shoes and the purses are not bad either! I haven't found a better place to shop than this.
I dropped in on a Sunday morning as a visitor from out of town in order to watch the Liverpool-Chelsea match, and was treated like a long-lost friend. Great people, and a great place to relax and enjoy a game or two. YNWA.
Very sad when this place burned down. Loved their Hawaiian chicken. Looks like they were taken over by some new outfit.
Best wings, hands down. If you're just craving wings, Long Wongs is your spot. I've only been to this location and I typically do call in orders. Quick and easy. Eat some wangs!
5 stars for what it is. Go every week for muffin and coffee. My favorite...Morning Glory muffins. So bright, sunny, happy place to wake up. Love sitting outside with the dog. Lunches are very good, also.
We found this gem of location looking for a great salad bar. The salad bar was fine but the rest of this place was just what we were looking for. Outstanding customer service from some of the most lovely people who work there and the owner and operators if the business. The food is done really well and offers diversity in a small but well done menu. If you are a meat eater this may be a good place to come and try out the prime rib. We have enjoyed everything we ordered here. We love Maria the owner and her son George they are a true hoot and nothing but a pleasure to know. Amanda is a super mixologist and is always up to my challenges. Judy is also a wonderful part of Feeney's family try getting past her without a hi or bye is not possible. In short this place has great food, atmosphere and people we simply love it.
Have to agree with Lauren V. Great place with pretty awesome sushi. Best atmosphere of any sushi place in the area and reasonable prices. The service was great and we never had to wait to get our drinks refreshed. Two thumbs WAY up!
Awesome grilled wings, best salsa and hot sauce, great service at the bar, great food specials for football and HH.
Agreed with other reviews - small sushi place but just fantastic! Great staff with great attitude throughout. The ingredients are so fresh and tasty. We have dined at many other sushi places throughout the states ...and this one is definitely on top of our list! Some of the food we sampled: seafood salad (great sauce/dressing), sake steamed clams, grilled squid (huge!), yasu roll (cucumber wrapped), spider roll ...Oh yes, and both the chocolate souffle & green tea tiramisu are to die for ...I can't wait to come back for more of this. Recommended!
Just found our new favorite sushi place. The food was impeccable... not simply the sushi, but the grilled items were wonderful (we had the terriyaki spareribs, and bacon wrapped scallops - yum!). The sushi was done to perfection, the best tuna I've had in Phoenix. The atmosphere was cozy (it is a small restaurant), but the staff is very helpful, from the hostess who seats you, to the bartender, to the wait staff and the manager. We were welcomed at every opportunity. When we arrived, we had a short wait for our table (even though we had a reservation). While waiting, the bartender was incredibly helpful in his recommendations of the menu. Then after we were seated, he even came over to see if everything was okay. A very delightful experience all around.
Hands down 5 stars, no questions asked. This place has the freshest fish in the valley by far, or for that matter some of the freshest fish I think I've ever had. The service is impeccable, recommendations are amazing... wait, everything here is amazing! If you try the Foie Gras with Japanese Eggplant though be fully prepared to order another serving as the stuff.....is......so...........awe......so...me..... I'm daydreaming now, thanks yelp.
I am an avid sushi diner and used to work at a sushi place as well. Soooo I always like to check out different sushi spots and see how they compare. I was so pleased. The selection of fish and seafood was by far one of the best specializing in more rare plates (usually more common to real sushi bars). I had thier oysters,(amazing), giant clam which is not as scary as it sounds, monkfish live pate (very good not for the faint at heart), plus many other delicacies. They were all good each in their own way. We tried okamase (I hope I spelled that right) and the owner came over and introduced himself to us. He told us that his resturaunt was all about bringing some of his favorite dishes to az that he enjoyed while growing up in Japan. I have to say it was expensive but well worth the whole experience and I will be back!!!!
Yasu has quickly become my favorite place in town. The food is 100% legit! The regular menu is really fun, but the menu of chef's features is the way to go. I cannot over emphasize the importance of eating here at least once. Get sushi or the tapa style dishes and you'll be hooked. Yasu came to our table and spoke with us for several minutes and even sent out a free dessert. Awesome awesome awesome!!! Exactly what a restaurant of any type should be....fun, delicious and memorable.
Chef yasu has an authentic touch for Japanese cuisine that is rare to find in Arizona. It is definitely some of the best sushi I have had in this state. Overall, it was an amazing experience!
Do you ever want to go out for dinner but just can't decide on what you want or where you want to go??? Well, I think I have found that place to go for very good food. The Pernil Asado (pork) was very moist and flavorfull. My wife got the veggie enchiladas...all fresh veggies. Cornbread caserole (with bacon), jalapeno cream corn, and chipolatle mashed potatoes were all great. The portions were very big...had to roll is out!
Perfect for a quiet birthday dinner, or a date night. This low-key place, without fancy decor or furniture, has room for 25-odd diners. What it lacks in terms of the set-up, it makes up with the food and the attentive service. I think we got served by four different people! We got two white sangrias, a tortilla soup and jumbo sauteed prawns in a tomatillo avocado sauce and a chipotle guajillo sauce with mango fruit chutney, for appetizers. The tortilla soup was served in a deeeeeep bottomed bowl, and was hot and delicious. I would have been happy making a dinner out of the soup, with some garlic bread thrown in, but since it was a special dinner, I couldn't linger over the soup and finish it all up...I had to leave space for the main course. The prawns were not jumbo, but they were delicious nonetheless. For main course we got the day's special, which was a medley of all their seafood: mussels, ahi tuna, prawns--on a bed of deliciously soft spinach and rice, and their famous Pernil Asado. The pork was soft, juicy and flavorful. We had no room for desserts...though I would have loved to try the Kahlua Creme brulee. Well, I'll save that for next time, I guess!
Blood orange mojito is purrrfect. I hate sickly sweet drinks but this was perfect. As were the empanadas, spinach salad, and horchata bread pudding. SO WISH they were in Seattle!... Don't be discouraged by the random location (It's a bit scary); the actual venue has the cutest, sunniest courtyard and intimate indoor seating area too.
This is the best bistro in Phoenix by far. When I feel that all food in Phoenix is bland and cookie cutter, I come here. To get a real plate of food in front of me. They know what they are doing here. Great for dates, & best happy hour in Phoenix x100
hard to find, really unusual situation in an older industrial area patio with several buildings. very eclectic. heated patio with jazz players, cool. poke around. very nice welcome. very helpful wait staff. extraordinary food. now i'm a quantity type of eater, not quality. this is a place that someone has found a very interesting niche. maybe 20 items on the menu. each with a meat,(i saw 1 vegan offering) a coating, sauce. maybe 5 sides, cornbread, corn, beans, carrots, garlic mashed potatoes. it is hard for a restaurant to make money. it's got to watch every penny. this place has made a few spectacular recipes and offers them at a profitable price, add attention to customers, cool ambiance and you have a good business model. i only wish i could cook mashed potatoes like that, i'd die happy eating them for every meal. lots of them, lots of garlic. we will return. recommended. my wife had a chicken breast that was huge, the favor was amazing, surprising coating, wonder what was in it? cornbread was very special, be sure you try it. a must try place.
I took my 13 year old here for dinner and could not have been happier with our choice! I had found a Groupon so decided to give Fuego a try. We started with the chicken tacos on the happy hour menu, they were delish. My son had the Angus grilled New York strip with Chipotle cheddar mashed potatos and jalepeno cream corn. The steak was HUGE, even the people at the next table commented on the size. It was a very tender steak with wonderful flavor. I had the seafood chile relleno with the green chile cornbread and maple chili glazed carrots. The relleno was absolutely FABULOUS!!!!!!!!!!!! So were all the different sides and all in large portion. We could not attempt to finish it all in one setting, but did have to try a dessert. We shared the Ancho Chile chocolate torte which came with a heap of yummy ice cream and drizzled with an amazing sauce. The service was wonderful, everyone was so attentive and friendly which impressed me as often when servers approach a table with one parent, a child, and a coupon, they tend to shy away. I guess they think, "Small tip." Not the case here. We were treated very well and never had an empty glass or dirty dish waiting. The server was so friendly and chatted with us as well as wait on us. The atmosphere is very cute. We sat outside as there is much more seating on the patio (a courtyard for a small complex). It was a very nice setting. I can not wait to go back and try other menu items as there were several I wanted to try!!!!! The prices are reasonable for entrees and the happy hour prices are very affordable. Fuego definitely got a new regular!
Took us a few minute to find the spot - tucked in on a side street as it was, in a courtyard of a older, kitchy shopping area. Between the old gurgling fountain, colorful christmas lights, old trees and flowering coriander plants, my girlfriend and I quite enjoyed the offbeat decore. Not your typical bistro spot. The waitstaff were attentive and friendly, especially our waiter, a young dude who's name escapes me. He answered my celiac girlfriend's questions courteously, and was mild mannered and easy-going in a way that really suited the environs. Happy hour menu looked great, and the house marg and mojito were both fresh, simple and tasty. GF got mussels and a street tacos, with the mussels being right up there with the best she had, and the tacos fresh, tasty and clean. My main course was the Soy & Cola braised short-ribs with something-something au-jus, I opted for the mashed potatoes and maple chile glazed carrots as sides. At this point, i was feeling like, while the drinks were good, and the atmosphere & service was quirky, natural and relaxed, I wasn't totally expecting the food to blow me away - I was wrong. The dish was both incredibly well balanced and delicious (and very healthy portions at that). Spicy, rich and fall apart tender meat, with gentle touches of sweet, fruity, savory and spicy. The potatoes were addicting, and the carrots (being from Vermont, and a maple lover, i know that maple can be a difficult thing to cook with) were not over sweet, but perfectly tender, buttery, a touch of salt and heat. All in all a great, friendly and offbeat dining experience. We'll be back.
I'm embarrassed to say that I'd never heard of Fuego Bistro until last night. Now I'm a fan and I can't WAIT to dig into leftovers and go back again! The empanada app was delicious and a perfect portion. There was risotto special with seafood (that isn't always on the menu).... If this is a special when you're there, do yourself a favor and order it. Put the menu down, don't think about it again and order the risotto. Wow. Amazing. The Seafood Chile Relleno was equally delicious. Go on an empty stomach though - the dinner portions are HUGE!! But like I said earlier, I'm already excited for leftovers (I only finished about 1/3 of my dinner)!! The staff was so nice and so much fun to be around. Our server was very attentive and super funny. The drink selection was quite unique with many drinks I've never even heard of and a pretty good wine list. Like I said... GO ON AN EMPTY STOMACH! Portions are huge and so delicious it's difficult to stop eating even when you're full! :)
Amazing food, amazing service, amazing atmosphere! That says it all. Check out the White Chocolate Grill for yourself and I think you'll agree. And if you're from Maryland, check out their Maryland-style Dancing Crab Cakes. You won't be disappointed. Moist, jumbo lump crab meat with Old Bay seasoning. Yum!
The name of the restaurant intrigued me and so I gave it a try to see what it was all about. We've been here four times and even brought out of town guests here who also enjoyed the place. A few things that we've tried so far: Fresh guacamole- served with warm tortilla chips and a side of salsa. The guacamole was definitely made fresh as you can tell from the taste and color. The tortilla chips are light and crisp and works very nicely with the creamy guacamole. We liked it so much we ordered this again. Four Cheese Spinach & Artichoke Dip- served with warm tortilla chips. This is one of their more popular appetizers so I gave it try. Maybe it was an off day when I ordered it, I found it very salty...probably won't order this again. WCG Bacon Blue Cheese Salad- assorted mixed greens, blue cheese bits, bacon, candied nuts and red onion with a light vinagrette. I ordered this as a side salad and I was actually pleasantly surprised how great this tasted. Yum! Fish of the day- Steelhead trout with herb sauce and fried shrimp with a side of vegetables. I ordered this and was surprised that the trout tasted and looked a lot like salmon. The waiter mentioned that this particular trout had a similar lifestyle as it swam from the ocean to the river to spawn. There was a creamy herbal sauce and a smattering of crispy fried shrimp on top. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UE3AvVnaPEBPneVahYT2eA?select=tF2C4TMHcohGdMiZ3EEIcw#FNWVAqP8NlvZ4Hm1TIR5Rg Balsamic Ribeye - ribeye that is infused with balsamic vinegar and grilled. This was an item that one of the waiters recommended on our second visit. He recognized and welcomed us back again. This is a nice option for a twist on regular grilled steak. The balsamic vinegar has a nice tang and sweetness to it as it is caramelized over an open fire. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UE3AvVnaPEBPneVahYT2eA?select=tF2C4TMHcohGdMiZ3EEIcw#tRk182jI0MgeSm8WpHz4pg Rotisserie Chicken Crepes - crepes filled with spinach and mushrooms & topped with Madeira sauce & parmesan cheese. I ordered this the 2nd time we went to WCG. It sounded interesting and I decided to give it a try. I would give it a 3 out of 5. Maybe it was the parmesan cheese but the sauce was too salty for my liking. It wasn't so bad that I would send it back, but I probably wouldn't be inclined to order it again anytime soon. Prime Rib-slow roasted with au jus. Delicious! They have prime rib after 4 pm and I think on holidays as I well. We went again on Father's Day and the waiter mentioned that they will be serving prime rib all day. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UE3AvVnaPEBPneVahYT2eA?select=tF2C4TMHcohGdMiZ3EEIcw#VpmZd5AfZmF4vExYIM_dow Save room as their desserts are quite good. White Chocolate Banana Cream Pie- the banana cream was smooth and creamy and there were slices of banana and ribbons of white chocolate on top. However, the best part was the graham cracker and granola crust. Highly recommend this dessert! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UE3AvVnaPEBPneVahYT2eA?select=tF2C4TMHcohGdMiZ3EEIcw#vy0bhfeJMAHo4pfvpTZ_YA White Chocolate Raspberry Cheesecake - the cheesecake was a generous piece and was drizzled with raspberry sauce and caramel sauce. This was probably one of the best cheesecake I've had in a while. It doesn't compare the cheesecake from the "Cheesecake factory." This cheesecake was silky smooth, creamy and surprisingly not very sweet. Highly recommend this dessert too! lol. Freshly Baked Apple Pie a la mode- the waiter told us that this dessert takes about 10-15 minutes as they need to bake the crust and since we weren't in a hurry we waited. Sliced apples sprinkled with cinnamon filled a round flaky pastry and there was a scoop of vanilla ice cream and was drizzled with caramel sauce. This was pretty good dessert if you like something similar to an apple tart. Regarding the waitstaff Devin was great. He was attentive but not intrusive. However, on Father's day for lunch, another waiter who served us was less experienced and less attentive. It wasn't particularly busy that day either, maybe he was new and in training. My friend and I both ordered the balsamic ribeye on Father's Day. She ordered her's medium but when it came out, it was more like well done. We mentioned it to our waiter and he promptly brought it back to the kitchen. In about 10 minutes or so, I think it was the manager who brought the entree to my friend. He asked her to cut into the steak to make sure it was cooked properly and it was. I would definitely call ahead to make a reservation as this place does get busy.
This place really is as good as it gets. I don't really understand how anyone can give this place any less than 5 stars. Lets start off with walking in.....The place is great...warm and cozy, beautifully decorated, very clean. The kitchen has the open glass view so you can see the kitchen staff working. The hostesses are very attentive along with the wait staff. You can tell the place has great management. And now for the food. Its delicious. From the appetizers to desserts this place is 5 stars. one main thing I love about WCG is that the food is always consistent. I hate certain places where you order something and it comes out good one time and the second time it tastes different or not as good. Not with WCG. Its always great. And the desserts are to die for. Especially the white chocolate brownie. I read a review on here where someone said "I know its the white chocolate grill, but cant they have something other than white chocolate for dessert" How could you write that? You go to a place called the white chocolate grill and your gonna complain about the white chocolate desserts? Whats next?! are you gonna go to an italian restaurant and complain cuz they serve pasta? Are you gonna go to a steakhouse and complain cuz they serve steaks? Next time don't order dessert. This place is fantastic. Decor, ambiance, service, and Food. A plus!
I took some clients there and it was a nice place for a business lunch. I had the Citrus-Soy Glazed Salmon and the roasted beets with walnuts and goat cheese and it was excellent. It was a nice medium size lunch which is exactly what I wanted. Both my clients had been there before and like the place as well. Next time I'm in the area, I'll go again.
Amazing food and desserts, my new favorite place. I had the chicken crepes and oh my gosh I will go back for that again and again, they were delicious. The bread pudding was fantastic, so light and flakey, simply perfect! We all loved it, one of the best meals I have had and definately worth the calories on the desserts. Thank you for making my Mother's Day so Yummy!
This place is great I had the most amazing salmon there with a citrus sauce and i was cooked perfectly like seriously if you've never been go to this place for your next date night!
Dined here a couple of nights ago. Excellent food, wine and service. My friend had the jambalaya and said it was the best he has ever had! Cobb salad with steak was also a winner. Always enjoy coming here as it is very consistent.
Salads all day. I've had almost every salad they make. All of them are amazing. My favorite is the steak salad hands down.
This has become my once a week splurge. Everything I have eaten has been absolutely amazing. My favorites: Filet Cobb Salad Filet steak sandwich French dip Burgers are amazing as well, I do need to try the steak and prime rib one day.
A friend told us about this place a year ago when we moved into the area from Mesa. Today we finally got around to trying it. After trying a little takeout place in the area I was scared to try any other Asian food near here. This whole year I have been making excuses to go back into Mesa/Tempe for my old favorites, Ninja and Pong Pongs. I liked the interior. The patio was very well decorated but it was still just a tad too warm to sit outside. Really liked the plates and salt shakers too. Anyways, I was there for food,and the place was clean and visually pleasing. More than good enough for me. I can't complain about the service. We were seated right away. The waitress was pleasant and stopped to take our order 3 times before we could decide what we wanted. Our glasses were always full and I didn't feel like we waited too long for anything at any point. The crab rangoon was great. I wanted to try some soup but actually forgot to order any... I normally judge a new place by ordering my favorite, Kung Pao Chicken. This time I was in the mood for something sweet and ordered the Sweet & Sour Chicken. I have to say, it was great. The chicken was tender and not chewy. The batter was crispy and the sauce was perfect (for my tastes). My lunch companion had the Shrimp Egg Foo Yung and I managed to steal a taste. I've never had Egg Foo Yung before and it was great. I'm going to have to get it for myself on a future trip. I'm a very texture-based eater and I love water chestnuts (crunchy and moist) and mushrooms and the Egg Foo Yung had plenty of both. Overall, Sun Asian Kitchen was an extremely pleasant surprise. I am so happy to have found such a good place with good food in this area. I cannot wait to go again and try something else from the menu.
So I am sitting at work yday craving shrimp and calamari or sth like that! Considering its a weekday, we wanted to go someplace close to home. I had seen this little Chinese place on the North-West corner of 24th st and Baseline everytime I'd go to Fry's there but never tried it. Yesterday we finally did try it out and am i not glad we did! Got there around 5.30 during their Happy Hour.. ordered Shrimp, Calamari, Chicken Dumplings, Chicken Eggroll and some crab rangoons. The food was good, Chicken Dumplings topped the charts followed by Chicken Eggrolls and Crabs! Good quality food at super cheap prices! We ate all this food with a bottle of beer and only paid $14+tip! We actually went back there again today after work just to have the chicken dumplings!! This is definitely my weekly HH food place.. for quick, good and cheap food!! Recommended anytime!!!!!
I keep meaning to ask if they do gift registries at this store. Because my friends say I'm hard to buy for, and I just don't get it. Go to Made. Apply blindfold. Spin. Stop. Walk forward. Buy what you touch. Unless it's baby clothes. It's that easy. I really love this place. I make people go here. I got a rockin' ring here. Some cool books. Of course a few magnets. Recent purchase was a baby t-shirt (for friend) that said angel on the front and had a pic of wings on the back. Aw.... And the selection is often changing as artists create new things. You should go. You need to go. Just go.
Great atmosphere. Good food. Good service. Great for any occasion really... Simplicity in its best.
I don't know, I feel like throwing 5 stars on something is sorta silly, I mean what is perfection, hmmmm just kidding this place is perfect, if you love food (and ain't that what its all about) then tarbells is the cats meow for you. Its a tad pricey but your taste buds will be thanking you for days to come. Mark really cares about his product and pushes his dishes to new levels. Try the cheese cake with the rosemary caramel sauce, its not of this earth and it will ruin any other dessert exp you'll ever have. If you take a date there and don't get laid then you officially have no game and need to find cheaper places to go sucker.
Just a great local restaurant -- great food (with nice twists) and exceptionally service
Tarbell's is top notch in all areas! Food quality, service, ambience, amazing! I recently took ten business associates there for a meeting, and I got nothing but compliments the next day on such an excellent choice of restaurant! Definitely try the Spaghetti & Meatballs as well as the Mac N Cheese, and even the Pizzas are to die for. And the burger too! You really cant go wrong here. Warning the deserts here are HUGE (yet amazing). One desert is enough for 2-3 people!
This is a new Phoenix favorite for us...from the lively bar area, to the stand-out food, to the attentive service. I was thoroughly impressed and we'll definitely be back! There's valet parking but you really don't need to bother. The plaza lot out front has ample parking and you're just steps from the entrance.
This is a great bar on a weeknight. Drop in and you can brush elbows with the proud and the few who don't think downtown Phoenix is lacking in culture or things to do - Arizona democrats, starving artists, veteran weirdos. Although the Leaf does lack a tap, the beer and wine list is great, especially if you like strong beers. servers are always friendly and attentive. art is always nice. when there is live music, it is always good. also, their toilets are made of solid gold. I hate to criticize a place for it's popularity, but during the weekend and especially during artwalks, Lost Leaf can get crowded really, really quick, and the space is small enough that conversation can get drowned out pretty easily. No worse than any other bar - just a heads up!
Great place to chill and have some beer/wine, the selection of beers is extensive. They have live music usually on the weekends with some awesome local talent. If you are in the neighborhood it is definitely worth checking out.
Great selection of wines and beers. Super low key. They have some really incredible art pieces featured on the walls by local artists. Great spot for a date or a night cap.
Happy Hour review: I was skimming through Christine O's review and elated to see "happy hour every day from 4pm-6pm and reverse happy hour from 9pm-close....all appetizers are half off and mojitos, house chardonnay/cabernet, and all beers on tap are only $3" Thinking to myself that it sounded great and the rest of the reviews were awesome I decided to try it out this weekend. The plan was to meet my girlfriend there about 4:00, but after traffic from the game and the roads being tore up from the light rail we arrived about 5:15.. Parking was ok but finding the actual restaurant was a little confusing, point being if you've never been here before allow yourself some extra time.. The appetizers were excellent, they normally range from $8-$27, and at 50% off you can't beat the price so we indulged. We tried the teriyaki tenderloin (served with ginger and rice), the blue cheese and bacon chips that was drizzled in chipotle cream sauce and the scallop lollipops. The portions were generous and I can't wait to go back and try the calamari and the artichoke crab dip. Wash that down with $3 mojitos and you have yourself a very happy - happy hour!
The other 4 and 5 star reviewers said it all. It's not huge. It's not perfect. But in Yelp terms, 5 stars means "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" and folks, this is what we got, so it's as good as it gets. I echo the sentiments of the importance of getting there early, especially if you want to buy local eggs from chickens that can scratch and forage etc. A lot of he best produce goes fast, early. You never know what you're going to find there, week to week, which is kind of neat. Some of the goat cheeses are wonderful, and I don't mind buying apples with some bird peck marks on them. The birds know which apples are the best ;) It's real food. The produce is mostly very reasonably priced, and super tasty. The people watching is fun, too. It's always fun. Caveat: Never been on a Wed., only on Saturdays.
As the 40th review I'm not sure what can be said that hasn't except: * Fesh eggs are the BEST and are a little easier to get at the market now that there are a few more producers. Plen to get them before 10 am * As of today, May 2, there are more produce vendors than I've ever seen and some prices reflect that. I smeeled the carrot at one booth and had to buy some when I found that a gigantic bunch was only $2.00 * The lady selling the crocheted doo-dads gives away dog treats - stop by if you have your pup. * The dog bed from the dog bed guy are a hit with the canine set, and he does custom fabrics and sizes * The Mexican style shrimp cocktails are really, really good. I get some most every week. Mmmmm I love the feel and the vibe at the market. A real community spirit pervades the crowd. Phoenix doesn't get better than this.
Awesome produce, all local and organic. Just bought a bunch of stuff and it was some of the tastiest veggies I've had. Other nice local goodies to be found here as well. Everything I've tried has been delicious. It's not too pleasant to visit during the summer since it is outdoors, so I just quickly get what I want and then run away to the A/C. Its nice to spend some time there and browse when it is cooler out though. I highly recommend checking it out.
I like this twice-a-week farmers' market quite a bit. It contributed to my decision to purchase the condo that I did. I can see it from my window. 8am rolls around every Saturday morning and I roll out of bed and walk across the street to check out the week's offerings. It does die down quite a bit in the summers - that's expected. (I do hope Nuna and the soap lady come back in the fall!) But adjusting for seasonality, it seems to be getting bigger and bigger, which excites me :)
I finally made it down to the Phx Public Market yesterday and I loved it! The vendors told me that Wed is pretty mellow compared to Saturday. It sounds like it will compare to the amazing farmers' markets I've been to in NYC and San Fran. There was a great variety of items, fresh fruits, veggies, baked goods, dairy, etc. The vendors were all so nice - I chatted with most of them about their products. I'm also super-excited to try some of the food truck meals - they were really difficult to resist (I had dinner plans). I can't wait to go back on a Saturday!! I just wish I lived closer.
First, I confess. I'm not a fan of organic food. I'm not a fan of locally grown food. and I'm not rich and like to buy cheap grocery if possible. But, I like varieties, and freshness. Thus I like farmer's market. I've only been to two farmer's market at Phoenix, one at roadrunner park, one at downtown Phoenix. Both are good, but I like downtown one better. The best thing at farmer's market, is to buy some varieties that are different from what's in the supermarket. Actually, don't expect them to be in any supermarket. My wife loves the apricot I bought, because it tastes so much like what she had years ago at her grandparents' country-side home. The apricots are small, with big pits. You know no supermarket will sell these ugly apricots. Furthermore, they are so ripe and delicate, I almost always crashed some of them on my way home, that we have to eat them immediately at breakfast. Yet it's not eat, they almost immediately melted in your mouth, and all you need to do is to spit out the pit, and put another one into your mouth, and you can do this again and again until all apricots are gone, or extreme mental strength, stop and tell yourself to leave some for that afternoon. Though pricey than supermarket, It is worth every penny. (Well, OK, my son, who is 3 years old, proved that we were wrong on the above claim: didn't melt! popsicle please! ) Same thing for many other fruits, breads and vegetables. For example, the long beans I bought here is very fresh, which make them a perfect choice for a summer veg salad, while the ones I bought from Chinese market is so old that I even swore I will never touch it. Farmer's market made me change my mind. To have such a farmer's market, is a total bless to my life. I wish I had found it earlier.
Saturday mornings are now my favorite. I've given up the hangover mornings to come to the open air market and shop the locals. Everything you need is right here. There are sweet potatoes the size of your head. Tomatoes the size of a small baby. Brussels Sprouts that look like tennis balls. Goat Cheese that melts in your mouth Jams that will have your guests wondering where you found such a unique blend and plenty of local art. So, get up, get going and get out to the open air market! You won't regret it.
The whole market is awesome.I like that if you did not bring enough cash with you that you can pick up a blue ticket at the information booth that the vender will stamp then hold your items for you then you may pay by credit card at the information table where you picked up your ticket.The veg are great.the free range eggs are the best.the french baker from Tucson is pretty darn good.this market is for sure one of the better ones I have seen.worth any one checking out.Note support your local produce and growers/farmers.Support Organic!! One more note this information and option has to do with the farmers market out side open on the weekend from 7am to 11am
The sushi was awesome! Very different than I ever tasted. I ordered kimchee chigae and it absolutely nice. Lunch portion it's look like a small bowl but actually it quite filling with all the side dish. I would love to go back!
We saw this style of restaurant in the Naruto Show - we just had to try it. Anyone who has ever grilled outside knows the joy of eating right off the grill. I asked if there were any BBQ sauces but they said no, it was already flavorful, and wow yes it was. We got shrimp and steak with veggies - oh man, mouth watering. Grilling veggies that were marinating with the meats. We also order a spicy soup, we asked them to make it "medium" - glad we did, it was just right - I've had my run in with Asian spicy soups in the past, and didn't feel like choking on my own tears that night. We visited the Dairy Queen across the street for desert, was cheaper -but don't worry we tipped very well, our waitress was incredibly kind, big smiles - offered recommendations and even made our soup "medium" despite not being traditional. Our bill was $58.30 for 2, but had enough leftover for a small 1 person lunch the next day
Absolutely amazing food, and you get more than what you think you're paying for. Definitely recommend it and will be returning multiple times in the future.
Again, my favorite spot in Ahwatukee for the last 10 years! The food is always great!
CK's, why did it take so long for me to write a review on you? Perhaps I have taken your awesomeness for granted. I am always critical of neighborhood bars. Read my reviews, I'm critical of everything. Believe it or not, I've even been called an asshole. The thing is, I really don't have anything bad to say about this place. I hope the owner/manager reads this because the only way a local bar survives is with repeat business, and you sir and/or madam, have earned mine. I will now use my college education to cite with examples: Here is one thing you are kicking ass and taking names at Dirty Harry style. (did I fire five chicken wings or six? In all the confusion, I have kind of lost track myself) Daily specials. Not only are they awesome, they never change. Nothing pisses me of more than expecting something, driving down, and it is different. I have been coming in for quite a while on Tuesday nights with one of my friends. We always order the same thing (by the way, 40 cent wings on Tuesday and HUGE beer for $2.50...bring that shit on) That leads me to your servers. Usually, we are lucky enough to have the same one, and she is frigging awesome. Knows our regular order, walks up, takes the menu's away, jokes and says "I know what your order is!" and brings it. (extra buck or two on the tip just for that) Even if we have another server, they are always polite, attentive, and friendly. Not coming up every 5 minutes bothering me or being non-existent. Seems like they wait until you are 75 percent done with your drink and THEN ask if you want more. Perfect. They attack with military precision few possess. Longest I think I have probably ever waited for my wings was 10 minutes. Maybe. Had a family birthday party here a few months ago on a weekend night and they made things VERY easy and everything was organized. Still on the subject of the servers, seems like there is virtually no turn over here and the wait staff seems like they actually enjoy their jobs, not like my job and unlike some other bars where the employees are bitchy and seem like they would rather stab you in the throat than take your order. CK's does not possess the bitchiness and violent tendencies as previously described. Other good points condensed in cliff note form: -Bands 3 nights a week with no cover. Awesome. -The video games actually work. Nothing pisses me off more than cramming a few dollars into playing big buck hunter and the fucking gun is broken. Or golden tee and the goddamn wheel is lopsided. The "claw machine" actually has prizes you can win that are big enough for my dogs to at least have more than 5 minutes tearing up before I have to take it away. -pool tables aren't crooked or ripped up felt. All required balls are present and accounted for (it is amazing how many bars think two or three balls missing is acceptable) -Bathroom is free of the typical "lake of piss" found under urinals or the crapper. Also very little graffiti on the stalls. -I don't think I have ever seen a dirty table here longer than 60 seconds. Nicholas Cage can't even steal a car that fast. -Patrons here seems to have a much lower douche bag ratio than most neighborhood bars. Still there, just lower. -They serve Pabst cheap (honestly I can't drink that ghetto piss but my Dad loves it and that is why he comes here) -They have that awesome trivia shit on the TV's. Bad points about this place: ..............I'll edit this if I ever come across any. Until then, this section stays blank. Keep up the good work!
My wife has been going to Garcia's for 40 years! She asked me to join her there after we met about 15 years ago. I did and she ordered the Cheese Enchiladas. I said Chicken would be better. Of course I tasted hers...and for 15 years I have ALWAYS ordered the fabulous cheese enchiladas! The Margaritas are GREAT and the chips and salsa (try the hot mixed with the mild) are hard to beat. Five Stars for me. We go there whenever we're in the neighborhood. Sun City folks
So I am moving to D.C. in couple weeks so I had a bucket list of all of these types of food to have out or/and make at home. One of them was to have authentic Mexican food that you cannot get anywhere, particularly D.C. So we did a lot of research because all of the places we used to go to when I was a kid are either out of business or just not good anymore. We saw that this place had great reviews and people have recommended to us that we try this place out. We came here on a Friday night around 6:40. We only had to wait 10 minutes which is awesome. We decided to get a margarita and couple beers while we waited. The minute we got our drinks, our table was ready. My mom said she wanted a glass for her beer since she had a lime in her bottle, but it took them 10 minutes to get her a glass for the beer. It still did not kill my rating of this place because the meal itself made up for it. Even though there was a long delay like 35 minutes from the kitchen from when we had the most delicious cheese crisp to our dinner. We savored every bite of our meal. The tamales, especially the green corn tamale was outstanding, beef tacos were out of the world, chicken enchilada was hot and steamy, beans were full of flavor and reminded me of my old childhood days. The only con from this was the service and the bathroom. The bathroom strangely was really messy in terms of toilet paper and paper towels all over so I'd recommend that getting cleaned more often so people dont walk out with things on the bottom of their feet!
Before today, the very last time I came here was in 2008. I went with my best friend when school was over at Carl Hayden High School which is just down the street. I wasn't very pleased. An item we ordered was forgotten, the lady gave us the bill RIGHT after she gave us our food which I thought was quite tacky since I want to stuff my face first, then see the bill and pay. The food wasn't very hot and fresh. Decided I was to take my business elsewhere and Arriba Mexican Grill became our new go to place for a long time until they started serving food that was borderline frozen and hiring people who don't care. Well, for my Mom's birthday today she decided she wanted to go to this location. I have to say I was quite pleased with the food and service. I ordered the #2 dinner special which is a beef enchilada, beef taco, a tostada and beans and rice. It was so hot and delicious. Portions were very generous. Our server/waitress Christy was very nice and made sure we were all taken care of. Unlike the Garcia's that is somewhere near Metro Center, this place actually cranks up the air conditioning to ensure comport from the hot weather. I can say we are definable going to come back soon. I was very pleased.
This park amazed me. You can't see it at all from the road - just a little green rolling hill. It is so huge, that at one point we almost lost our bearings for where we were, and had it not been for the library and the mountains we would have practically lost our way. There is so much going on here, it's not even close to your typical park. It's gigantic! And there is a super huge man-made lake in the center! The whole place is easily 10 degrees cooler than just right across the street. I went to their web site today because I know we missed things yesterday as it was getting dark. Here's what they have: Basketball; Boat Ramp; Fishing; Lake; Picnic Area; Playground; Racquetball; Ramadas; Restrooms; Softball, lit; Tennis. I couldn't find anything to give me the size of the park, but the lake itself is 25 acres, which apparently is the largest of Arizona's "designated Urban Fishing Lakes" There are like 6 different kinds of fish there including Catfish, tilapia, rainbow trout and yellow bass. And let me tell ya - at 7:30pm last night we decided to walk around the lake (which took almost 30 min) and the place was hoppin'! There were so many folks fishing it! We were really shocked that at that late on a Wednesday, there would be that many folks there. Some were quiet watching the ducks. Some brought their kids who were making tons of awesome happy childhood noises on the big playground area. If I hadn't seen it myself I wouldn't have believed that all of this was over here. I'm going to have to go back again to take pictures so someone else will believe me too.
This is the only Sushi place I go to. The Japanese kitchen menu items are real. The sushi chef is real, you don't see a crew of guys whacking at the fish. This place is what a restaurant in Japan is like. Good quality, good service, skip the night club atmosphere.
Unbelievably amazing sushi! Freshest and most exotic I have found in Phoenix. It's a BYOB place which makes it fun to bring your own wine and cocktails! On top of the food being outstanding it is run by the NICEST family and staff!! Highly recommended! I will continue to rant and rave about this place!
Definitely the best chicken salad sandwich I've ever had! I'd driven by this place a hundred times and finally stopped in. I got the soup and sandwich combo everything was delicious chicken was fresh and not overloaded with mayo, broccoli cheese soup was perfect. The place probably been around forever and no nothing has been updated. The patio was pleasant and I actually liked the funky mint green color of the building of the place and patio area it made me think of being back home in Cali but, yeah the inside does look a little like a cafeteria.
If Yelp had more than 5 stars, the Point would get all of them on my review! I frequently go to Phoenix, about once or twice, each year. My first time there, a family member recommended that if I was looking to stay somewhere other than his house, to stay at this Pointe. I did it and I haven't stayed anywhere else since then. The rooms are very spacious, and comfortable. The balconies and patios are very secure and private. The staff is amazing and the resort is very quiet and comfortable. I can't decide what the resort has more of though, great views, parking spaces or pools! Everywhere you turn there is a beautiful relaxing pool and hot tub on this resort. The place is just great for everyone! I had taken my wife and we had a great stay. Recommended it to colleagues or customers and they had a great stay. I have gone alone and had a relaxing and great stay. It never fails with the Pointe. Do yourself a favor and stay here at least once, I promise you it won't be a regret. Also, upon return, they greet you with a welcome letter and small gift. They have a great golf course attached to them and a stellar restaurant called " A Different Pointe of View". I can't help but order a stiff drink or martini, grab a cigar and sit on the patio feeling like James Bond.
In town from Seattle and taking advantage of the Phoenix summer "staycation" rates at the resort... so glad I did! The resort is in a beautiful location, built into the hillside. I scored a King suite and was impressed with what I got for my money. I had a nice-sized living room, complete with TV and desk/workstation, a full bath and vanity, and a large bedroom with a very heavenly, pillow-top bed. I loved the bed. I kind of wish I hadn't made plans so early every morning so I could've had more lounging time! The pools were nearly deserted on the weekdays, but a little livelier on Saturday & Sunday. I particularly appreciated the Adults-Only pool (I hate being splashed when I'm not expecting it). Tim at the pool bar was a particularly helpful staffer - friendly, remembered my name, and always there with a fresh glass of water or my next drink order. I enjoyed the Falls Terrace area, but as the day wore on, it got fairly busy and there were two (count 'em... TWO) kids' birthday parties in the cabanas nearby, so I cut out of there early and just headed back to the sanctity of the adults' pool. Food was good in every restaurant I tried (including room service). They offered free valet parking, prompt service from housekeeping when I needed more shampoo & towels, and a very friendly and helpful staff. Great hiking nearby - bring comfy shoes so you can have those extra margaritas poolside later.
Tried Sushi Ken for more than 10 times, I love their sushi(Rainbow roll,Dragon Roll) and Ramen! Great family restaurant,I have to say this is a slam dunk 5 stars. Japanese owner run this business, absolutely authentic Japanese Sushi.Green-Tea Tempera ice cream is the best,make sure you order that for your desert. Tip: Always crowed Friday& Saturday night ,better to get your table is call them for a reservation.
Stopped today (Sunday afternoon)) for a couple of drinks after sight seeing at South Mountain. What a wonderful neighborhood bar! My husband and I are new to the city and met a few local who were very friendly and gave us several recommendations. The drinks were inexpensive and strong and the staff was great. They also had some amazing carne-asada tacos for $1 that were delish! Being 35 and 42, we don't enjoy bars full the much younger crowd. We were the youngsters here this afternoon and loved it!
Sprouts! Happy! lots of organic and natural food they tell you where their produce comes from bulk products! I'm not sure why I don't shop here every week.
$2.99 deli sandwiches. 'nuff said.
I love Sprouts. Hands down the best place to buy fresh produce at great prices. It's also the only place I can find the jalepeno and chili lim flavored pop chips.
This Trader Joe's location gets 5 stars from me for: *Always being clean (This is a make or break for me on whether or not I will come back to a store...yes a store!) *Rarely being out of stock of stuff (and even when they are, not for long) *Friendly and uncreepy staff *Great Prices *Close to my house (lol) One word of caution...do NOT go shopping here on a Sunday afternoon...it is PACKED and parking can be a little bit of a bear...
Just checked in this evening and so far I am loving it! I got upgraded to one of the Casitas which is right by the water park and a private pool. The room is small but is right in the middle of everything. (I just found out my room is the smallest unit; the one right next door is a two story unit). Anyway, it started to rain when I was on the way to the on-site restaurant, Hole in the Wall. It felt so relaxed and comfortable dining out on the patio with cool breeze and drizzles brushing my face all evening. Not to mention the water park and the landscape are nicely done, which makes it more family oriented than Tapatio. The water slide is so awesome that I don't mind waiting in line with a bunch of little kids. There's one 5YO boy kept poking my back just to talk to me. So Adorable! Phoenix is one of my favorite cities. Even though most of my travels here are project related but I don't feel like business travels at all. Great foods, malls, hiking trails, beautfiul houses, and free WiFi-internet at the airport.
Great Place for Mexican food and to watch or listen to the football games. Everything was great, service, quality taste, portion size. I do recommend you order their hotter sauce, much more flavorful than their standard sauce. I had the Fajitas (steak and shrimp combo) and my wife had the fish tacos. The Yelp deal made it even better.
What a nice way to watch a movie! Big comfy seats,Waiter service and refillable popcorn! It was great!
What a wonderful idea to get food and drinks while I watch a movie. If you have not been here then you have to go at least once. I went and watched the hunger games catching fire. The waiter was excellent in getting me what I wanted and didn't bug me through the whole movie, just the boring parts. :) The chairs were comfortable and roomy. I got to choose where I sat. The place was very clean and inviting. Great place to take a date.
I went to see "X-men: Days of Future Past" 3D in one of the Cinema Suites. The powered recliners are AWESOME! I was in row D, but in the future will only sit in lower rows as you can't fully recline without cropping out some of the bottom part of the screen. The theater was about 70% full by my estimation (25-30 people) and based on other reviews I was certainly worried about noise from people ordering food, etc. However, I found it to be a non-issue. It was maybe a little noisy for the first 10-15 mins of the movie, but it was so minimal that it's barely remarkable. There's such a drop in height from one row to the next that I think it prevents one from really being bothered by what's going on in rows that are in front/behind them. Also, I didn't feel that it was really any brighter after the movie started than it would be at any other "regular" theater. However, the little call/menu light was reflecting off of the inside of my 3D glasses. So, I took the cloth napkin and had it covering the light for most of the movie. For non-3D movies, I don't think this would be a problem. I ordered the Jalapeno Chipotle Burger with Parmesan Fries and it was HUGE and also pretty tasty. Not the best burger I've ever had, but good.The servers were really attentive, but not annoying. All in all, I was pretty impressed and feel that the $6-7 mark-up over a traditional first-run theater ticket is worth it, even if you don't get anything to eat.
What can I write that has not been written about the greatness of In-N-Out Burger! Maybe my love is borne of the separation from it my primary residence in Dallas compels. I hope that when it opens in Dallas (yes, the plans for that are public), nothing changes.
The 1984's red, yellow, and white lay out sets the stage for their paralyzingly good burgers. After greedily eating my Double Double Animal Style and Well Done Fries (that put Shake Shack to shame), I instantly jump on my phone and rub it into my East coast friend's face. I evoke those meals like children recalling Halloween treats, or Christmas presents.
Siiiiiiiiiigh. IN N OUTTTTTTTTT This was a good In N Out, as far as In N Outs go. The fries were probably some of the best. And I love the burgers, nuff said. Even if I didn't have the bad food experiences I had in Phoenix that weekend, this took the prize of being the best experience. NOM.
My homme away from home. No attitudes Great bartenders Awesome owners Great music Gay, straight, bi, lesbian...whatever you are....it's all here. I've never felt unwanted or uncomfortable here.
My brother uses the post office. A lot. Like almost every day. And this is his special location. They actually have REAL people working the office until 9pm most nights and they are the coolest people working the USPS around town...or in the US. I swear. Efficient, funny, good looking...even under the bright orange lighting, I have come in completely confused about what my brother wanted despite his written instructions and they have deciphered with flair what he wanted for me. Plus, this is the best people watching around town on a weeknight. Look for me-I am the chick with high heels, all slutted up for a night on the town with eight packages and mail with a scrawled note of instructions from my brother as a favour for using the car. And while you're looking for me-offer to buy me a book of stamps or a G&T-I'm easy like that!
Woohoo! As good as it gets! And, yes, I'm talking about a US Post Office. The Van Buren Street US Post Office will have you in and out lickety-split and I guarantee leaving with a smile on your face! I'm fortunate that this Post Office happens to be in my neighborhood, but I'd seriously drive out of my way to receive awesome customer service and avoid the inevitable lines and headache at other locations. The employees at this location are always so friendly, which makes it actually enjoyable to visit the Post Office! All of the employees seem to enjoy and take pride in their work, which shows in their interactions with the customers. The other day Terry saw my ASU card and said, "Go Devils!" I didn't hear her and thought there was something wrong with my card so I mumbled, "Huh?" Then she smiled and gave me the Sun Devil Pitchfork hand sign - how awesome is that?! 10 Reasons this Location is the Best 0. They have Harry Potter Forever Stamps! (okay, just a bonus reason) 1. Ample parking spaces 2. Friendly greeter who always says, "Have a nice day!" 3. Fully stocked mailing supplies and good selection of greeting cards 4. Extended hours: Mon-Fri 8:00am - 9:30pm; Sat 10:00am - 5:00pm 5. Knowledgeable employees help customers save money 6. Multiple customer service lanes means short wait times even with long lines! 7. Employees are friendly and seem to enjoy providing excellent customer service 8. U.S. Passport Office and Photo service 9. Drive-by mail drop option for stamped mail 10. Lobby is open 24/7 for around the clock access to P.O. Boxes
We use Urban Cookies for many events at our Studio. Every time, guests are interested in the cookies and cupcakes to the point that they want to know who made them. I now look for their stuff at many of the coffee shops and snack places I frequent :)
I like to think of myself as a cupcake fanatic, but that also means that I am a bit choosy about my cake. Urban Cookie/Ollie Cake bakes the most amazing cupcakes that I have ever had in my life (don't tell my mom)! The cake is so moist and the frosting is perfect...not too sweet. The prices are great too...cupcakes are usually around $2.50, and well worth it. All the flavors that I have tasted are fantastic, but the Brown Velvet is better than sex.
This place is off the chain! I saw one of the owners give a presentation about the 'science of baking', which was greatly informative. Also, checked them out as the winners of a 'Cupcake Wars' episode. After being disappointed by another 'cupcake chain', I was hesitant to visit Urban Cookies and Ollie Cakes. I will now say that they have made me a customer for life! Their cookies are the best I've ever tasted outside of my homemade. Their chocolate chip and oatmeal cookies were awesome! I also have to say that their cupcakes were DELICIOUS!! I have never had a cupcake so moist and flavorful. They were not sickenly sweet and dry like the ones from a 'chain cupcake shop'. The strawberry, brown velvet, and vanilla were wonderful. And, the fact that they are made from organic ingredients AND are still affordable are the icing on the cake (no pun intended....). I can not say enough about this place. Definitely worth the trip!
I remember when this location housed a Pizza Heaven. Thank god they're gone so that people that make a consistently great product could move in and take over the world! Okay maybe they won't take over the world but they sure could try with what are seriously some of the greatest cupcakes I've ever had. Chocolate cupcake is just amazing. Vanilla cupcake is great too. I had another flavor that was awesome as well but I can't remember what flavor it was for some reason (I've had a couple of beers). Rosewater cupcake that they used on cupcake wars was good though I wasn't a huge fan of it. I really don't think I'd make a cupcake that tasted good made with rosewater. Irish coffee cupcake was a bit disappointing in terms of how high I regard this place but was good for what it was if that makes sense. I haven't actually tasted their cookies but the wife digs them. I also dig their sometimes funny messages posted on their chalkboard out front. Service is friendly and they box their cupcakes well so as to make sure they arrive safely at their final destination. I love you maker of great cupcakes, keep up the good work!
All right; I must be retarded. In looking over the menu on their site and seeing everything listed (including that they use butter and NON-GMO canola oil) I just gotta give it up. Plus, had a s'mores cupcake yesterday and it ruled school. Damn, they're the best.
This place has great cup cakes and if that was not enough they have a salty carmel nut bar with shortbread crust that is fantastic. We dont even make it to the car without eating one, it is a must have. No matter what you buy here it is great. I hope to try everything. It is now our must stop when in town. The customer service is always great. Very patient and never rush us when we are trying to decide what yummy things we want. Shop here if you want great desserts.
I don't understand the negative reviews. This place is heavenly. Yesterday we were craving sweets when we stumbled across Urban Cookies on yelp. OMG....I am so glad we found UC. We each got a cookie and a cupcake. I can't speak for my husband's desserts because he was not in a sharing mood.....try their desserts and you won't share either. The pineapple coconut cookie is the best cookie ever. It was moist & chewy in the center and a little crunchy around the outside. Now for the lemon cupcake. Light, moist cake with a whipped lemony frosting. My mission in life is to try every flavor cupcake they have.
Best cupcakes and cookies in town they never dissapoint and our pumpkin and pecan pies were amazing!
My absolutely favorite ever cupcake is here - Orange Blossom. Sooo good! Pretty much everything else here is delicious as well. :-)
Just stopped in there spur of the moment for my birthday and everything I got was amazing. Pretty much everything was half off because he said he does that after a holiday. We got one of everything and was not disappointed.
One year the local rag reader mag. voted this place in the annual "best" issue... "The best place to take someone from Tucson to make them feel like they are in Tucson" This is a compliment. I love pita jungle. The Chicken and humus appetizer is great... get the humus half red pepper and half jalapeo. Also, the Menchilada is enough grub for a few days.
Pita Jungle has the best food. It is my top 5 places to eat.
I think in terms of local hamburger joints, Lenny's is pretty bad ass. They have tons of toppings and ways to jazz up your burger. You can watch them make your burger through the glass. The shakes are pretty good as well. It's a hole in the wall with enough character to raise it a few notches above the rest. Other places, that are dives but good, like Lucky Boy are in the same class but Lenny's seems more like a destination as opposed to a drive thru. However, to put in all in perspective, we're talking hamburgers here. Nothing gourmet. Five and diner style hamburgers, grilled sandwiches and fries. You can add jalapenos, green chiles, chili, cheese, bacon,....whatever. You pay one price for a drink and can choose whatever size you want. The drinks are self serve. It's easy on the wallet as well, as it should be. I fed my family of five for around $35 or so. My main criticism is the lack of big booths or more spacious seating. Every time I go, the room with extra seating is closed off. But seating everyone between the counter and the small booths is part of the experience, I suppose.
The best fast food burger hands down. Can't beat leaving there for $5 and feeling stuffed. I always get the country burger or the Mexican burger.
Great food! The burger was perfectly grilled. I would definitely go back again to Lenny's when I'm in town.
Tired of your chain coffee joints? In the Desert Ridge vicinity? Well then I suggest you high-tail your ass over to Matador. Totally awesome decor and bitchin' coffee. Friendly and COOL baristas. Yeah, just go. GET SOME!!!
I guy I worked with took me to this place and just when I thought I has found all the great BBQ places in Phoenix.... The Big Thang is an awesome brisket sandwich and also try the BBQ chopped chicken. The service is outstanding !
Have been away from Phoenix for six months. One of the first places we went to on our return was the Wahsun which we simply call Rose's because she is the owner/waitress. Food is still very inexpensive and the amount of food is impressive. All the food that we've tried has been really good. Tip: Food odors tend to drift a bit so take a table a bit away from the kitchen entrance.
Been coming here for years. Best Chinese food in AZ. Egg rolls are totally home made and filled with real ingredients. Lunch specials are huge and perfectly prepared. My wife and I had roast pork and Chinese vegetables and house chow mein and brought home more than half of each dish. Total family affair...Rose is the best.
I visited Phoenix for the first time this past Halloween to attend a friend's weeding at Aldea and now I'm wishing I could get married there! Granted the bride's vision probably added to the experience as well as the perfect weather, but even so, I thought this place was lovely. Aldea reminded me of a Mexican hacienda. The ceremony was held in the courtyard, where the bride and bridesmaids were able to enter via a balcony walkway and down a staircase for a grand entrance. Hors d'oeuvres were served in another courtyard while a mariachi band played. The reception was held inside, in a smallish banquet room with a dance floor and lovely arches. The wedding was an old-style Spanish/Mexican theme and Aldea was the perfect setting. The walkways lined with lanterns and the courtyard decked out in white christmas tree lights were perfect. I loved how it accommodated both inside and outside events.
My dog was having seizures and needed immediate attention. Dr. Grant and her technicians were soothing, courteous and knowledgeable. Henry was admitted quickly and I was able to visit him and have all my questions answered. I took Henry to VetMed because my wife, who is a veterinarian, was unavailable to treat him and she said I could trust the doctors there completely. Henry was in the hospital for 24 hours, and was well taken care of. Thank you Dr. Grant and Staff!
Tasty tortilla, fresh veggies, yummy meat, rice and beans. Great service and we come here all the time.
First off people, this is a ghetto cab service in/around downtown phoenix it's your own fault if you don't know that. If you call them from Chandler, Scottsdale, or elsewhere far because you are too cheap to pay for Discount/Yellow/Clean Air (the cabs that have 300 cars on the road, not 7) then don't complain. This is Sunrise, not a limo service. There's a reason why they will get you somewhere for 1/2 of what discount charges. When I lived in the Biltmore area I used these guys almost exclusively. The dispatcher recognized my number and had almost memorized my routine and knew where I was going at what time on any given day almost. Yes the cars are dirty, I don't really care since I'm in a cab for maybe 15 minutes at most. Yes the drivers might look a little iffy, get them talking and you can have some of the most interesting conversations and hear some very funny stories.
I'll gladly pay half the price of other cabs to ride in a beat up car. The driver showed up promptly, was very friendly, and it was only $1.50 per mile. Sold.
I have trust issues. I have as far back as I can remember. When I first read about the light rail coming all those years ago and everyone was hyping it like it was the 2nd coming, I didn't buy it. I wanted to, but I couldn't. I have always been a firm believer in the "if it sounds too good to be true, it probably is" mentality. Even after I moved to midtown from N Scottsdale specifically for the downtown community combined with the light rail just a short while ago, I still wasn't sure it was going to work out. A nice idea, but just may not take. (I have issues, I know : ) ) But then came Wednesday night. Wednesday night consisted of a little mini happy hour followed by the Suns game. At that was it. Trust issues out the freakin' window the light rail is the shit!!!!!!! I couldn't believe what a geek I turned into. I felt like a 6 year old at Disneyworld for the first time. I finally understood what all the fuss was about. The cars are clean, comfy, and everyone else on there is just as geeked out as you are! And I can't explain the incredible feeling of knowing that my car was nowhere in my general vicinity. I wasn't going to be stuck in my parking structure for 40 minutes after the game. I wasn't going to be followed the entire way home by Sherriff Joe's personal motorcycle stalkers. And it felt really freaking good. To all the skeptics out there like me, give it up. Don't waste your time. Just surrender to the inevitability that the light rail truly is a driving force behind the resurgence of the valley. You'll be glad you did. Go find your own version of Disneyworld... : )
Easy to navigate, clean and on time. :)
I'm going to be honest and say up front that I am a huge supporter of light rail and have been an advocate for many, many years. First off, HAHAHAHA all you haters! We built it! It's here! It's been a huge success! And second, it's about damn time Phoenix! Salt Lake City had more public transportation options than Phoenix did. But Phoenix is a city that grew up with and was built in the later half of the 20th century around the automobile. The beautiful, walkable, urban city that Phoenix once was (and it was!) was demolished long ago to make way for parking lots, wider streets, and freeways for even more cars. But hey, gas was cheap and commutes were relatively short, and that nasty brown cloud of pollution circling the Valley wasn't really THAT bad. My biggest complaint for years was that Phoenix has no alternatives to the car. (Yes, I know there was the bus and I used it. But a bus is not a train.) Personally, I hate driving. Hate it. I hate going slow, I hate the stupid drivers who pull out in front of me FOR NO REASON, and hate that I miss every green light. And I loathe the speed cameras. But Dec 27, 2008 was what I call, The Day the Valley Changed. (It was also the day before my birthday and Phoenix gave me the best present ever- a train.) I seriously have nothing to complain about. The light rail is perfect in every way. It's sleek and beautiful, it glides down the road like it's on ice skates, it's clean, it's cheap, it goes to the places I want to be. Each station has art that reflects the neighborhood the station is in. The light rail connects to the airport. The weekend hours were recently extended (hooray!). All real cities have trains and it is LONG overdue in Phoenix. I guess I do have one complaint: people need to shut the H up about it already and we need to extend it all over the Valley immediately. I've found through talking to people that the ones who are most belligerent and those who seem to hate the train the most, are the people who have never travelled far. (Not EVERYONE of course, but a lot. They always use the word "boondoggle" as well and never provide any evidence.) And to those who say that the light rail doesn't go near them, I say, too bad. That's what you get for living out in the sprawling suburbs. Enjoy your expensive gas and cars. But the light rail is here to stay. It has changed the face of the Valley, it has changed development patterns and it has made Phoenix a better city. I still can't believe when the train speeds across the bridge over Tempe Town Lake that I'm actually in the Valley of the Sun.
Light rail extended its hours! In an ideal world it would be 24 hours, and run every 10 minutes all the time. I am still going to give it 5 stars as 24 hours seems pretty inconceivable in Phoenix.
We stayed Downtown Phoenix and took the light rail to the Sun Devil Stadium, with a quick stop for the bars on Mill. Couldn't have been easier! No parking or traffic worries. Also didn't have to worry about having a drink. Easy, fast and trouble-free.
Went in here for a quick lunch, came out very satisfied! A tender melt in the mouth medium rare sirloin really makes me can't wait to get back to this restaurant, and their fresh clam chowder soup is perfection! You can't get enough of it! When you first walk into this restaurant you will notice the Wild Wild West mark everywhere, surrounded with lots of antiques! My fav is their personal made lantern that they put in every side of the ceiling! It was lovely! I definitely will be back for that steak and more!
AWESOME...says she who is the picky eater and cautious about locations...RISKING IT ALL...I only have 3 words CHEAP+AUTHENTIC+DELICIOUS...this place is truly a hidden gem...I'm from Texas so I have no idea if I was in a bad neighborhood or not...but it was in was appeared to be a strip mall type setup...this restaurant is a must try if you are ever in the Phoenix...the waitress did not speak English nor do I speak Spanish, but we both spoke food so when she saw my physique she slightly chuckled and directed me to the lunch portion because advised my eyes were bigger than my stomach...glad I took heed because the portions were enormous....THIS SPOT IS A MUST TRY, IF YOU EVER ARE IN PHOENIX.
I walked in the front door and was immediately greeted. I took a seat only to realize that I needed to use the bathroom in one of the best auto place bathrooms I've ever seen. To make a long story short, the customer service was phenomenal, the workmanship was exceptional, and the pricing was un-beatable. I was comfortable. I shopped around for gasket repair and Community Tire & Auto Pros did the best by me! They went above and beyond the call of duty.
Pappy's is great! The people, the vibe, the service and food are all fantastic for a bar. Heading there in a few mins!
I'm an East Side kind of guy and am one of those people who cross 1-17 maybe 3 or 4 times a year aside from a California road trip. I was tasked with finding some breakfast burrios for about 12 people on a Saturday morning at Westgate and Mr. Leno was the closest place that had good reviews, so I went way out of the way to try these guys out and take a risk, but Yelp has never steered me wrong! They were open early on a Saturday so that was a good sign, and they had a few breakfast burritos to chose from, also a good sign. Ordered a few different types including a non meat one for a veggie loving friend. While the cooks were building my burritos I took to the fresh salsa bar and loaded up on what I thought was a bunch of mild and medium salsas for everyone. Turns out everyone thought they were spicy which is perfect for me! Well I came back, everyone expected some Wendy's bs, but I handed them a Yelp sourced burrito that everyone loved. Almost everyone wanted to know where they came from and all thought it tasted great. So there you have it folks, if your in a 5-8 mile distance from this place, craving Mexican food and Mr Leno pops up, give it a go because chances are you won't find anything else this good without driving another 20 minutes. As far as interior, it's your typical taco shop, don't bring your date here, grab your date some food here and watch a netflix movie at home!
I liked Fair Trade Cafe. The service was with a smile, the coffee was great and they cater to artists and crafters! I was able to leave a stack of flyers to promote my jewelry business which is always a PLUS! I will definately go back soon!
Very professional & always friendly. They have always provided clear instructions and information on my Rx. Support local businesses.
I needed a compounding pharmacy and started checking around to see if there were any near my home. Luckily I remembered there was an independent not far away and was super psyched to find out they met my needs. As others stated it is way cute inside. Warm and welcoming feeling, which is a nice change from the sterile environments one usually finds in a pharmacy. Although two others were being assisted, I didn't have to wait more than one minute for someone to come assist me. The tech explained that I could order up to three months of the compounded medication and with each additional month, there would be a price cut. I never would have expected this and was very pleased to find out the discount. I was so pleased with my business, I asked about transferring my prescriptions from a local big box. This led to my tech telling me about a new service they have where they actually package up your meds in tear off packets to help you keep track and make sure that you are taking all of your medications at the proper time (e.g., breakfast meds are all packaged together, lunch meds, etc.). They are all sealed in these little grab and go packs, so rather than getting multiple bottles for scripts, you get one box and just start on the appropriate day and time. It is the most awesome thing! No more wondering if I took something in the morning, or taking two because I didn't remember taking one before. I'm very impressed. Prices are on par with the larger chains and the service is personal, caring, and actually feels like they want to help you. Bigger is not always better. Go to Melrose Pharmacy and see it for yourself.
As a real estate agent I have referred West Coast Plumbing and Air on several occasions and they have always gone the extra mile to provide my clients with honest and fair pricing. The technicians are always respectable and very knowledgable. I will continue to recommend them to all of my clients and of course I will continue to use them for all of my own personal repairs and maintenance. Call WCPA you won't be disappointed!!
Guess what? Sterling wines on sale: 3 bottles for $10. This is a spectacular deal. Just don't go buy them ALL or I won't share such tidbits anymore. ;)
I had my whole house fully screened back in 2010 and it was at a very good price as I had seen Screen Mobile work on my neighbors house as well. Recently one of the 2nd story window screens became loose and I did not have a ladder tall enough to do it myself. I contacted Screen Mobile and they scheduled me in and got the work done free of charge. I couldn't ask for better service than that! Thank you very much!
We had a half day off in downtown Phoenix and I decided that I would forego all of the close options and mind Mexican. We have been on the East Coast for about 6 weeks and I need to get my fill. Off to Yelp I go and found La Canasta. Exactly what I am looking for. A 1.5 mile walk later and I am at the front door. Uh-oh. What does that hand-written sign say? Close at 8:00 PM. Out comes the phone. Exactly 8:00 PM. I enter anyways. They ask if I want food to go. I said I would rather eat in. No problem. Grab a seat. You just need to pay first. No problem. They took me in with no one else in the restaurant. I quickly ordered and quickly had my food. Most of it was too hot (temperature) to eat. That is a good thing. I went simple with a chicken taco and cheese enchilada. The cook came out after 5 minutes and asked me if it was all good. He encouraged me to use the salsa in the bottle as it was great. It was. Chips and salsa were super great. Warm, light chips and 2 great salsas. Iced Tea was alright. Passable. Not best ever, but good enough. Service was great seeing that they let me in after they were shutting down. This seems to be a family owned place that has been around for awhile. Definitely worth the 3.0 mile walk in total.
This is my first time eating here. The place is great and the staff is welcoming. I had the Mothers breakfast special and I was amazed by the quality. This dish was flavorful and hearty. This is one of the best breakfast to have here.
I traveled out of my way here today to check out their "fine motor" section and was happy I did! This store has a wide variety, great sales, and superb customer service. I will definitely be back as I wanted to continue browsing even after I left. A must if you work with children in an educational setting or if you want to add educational toys to your daily routine.
I had a very pleasant experience with the staff at Today's Interiors. My custom ordered motorized shades compliment our decor and work better than expected. They're easy to use and the staff cleaned up 100% after installation. I will definitely do business with them again.
Woodworkers Source is an outstanding source of very fine cabinet woods at a fair price in Phoenix. They are constantly running specials which are very good deals by any measure. Unlike some earlier commenters, i have found the staff to be both friendly and knowledgeable and willing to assist. I live about 100 miles from the Black Canyon store and have called them on several occasions and asked that they select and put wood aside for me for pick up on my next trip. I have never been disappointed. Although I have used other sources in the past, I now purchase my cabinet wood exclusively from Woodworkers Source. The combination of a vast selection from which to chose and very excellent customer service can't be beat! Don't understand some of the negative comments about customer service posted in this Yelp, my experience has been the opposite. John is the manager up there and he does his level best to meet the needs of his customers. So if there is an issue, talk to John.
We placed an order for delivery last night online and not even 20 min later our doorbell was ringing. The pizza was piping hot, exactly how we ordered and very tasty! Kudos!!
Total cool experience 2nd visit with 2 nd car. This team works like a machine , very polite considerate of my time and watch them take the extra min and do it right. Even put up my spare like factory had , didn't expect that. Good guys, great service. Thank you to the Real working guys out there. Keep it up boys!!!!!! Your appreciated Peace M and family
I could not be more pleased with my experience getting a ride from the airport to my hotel. The curbside staff are courteous, helpful, on-the-ball, and keep you informed of the status of the arrival of your ride. A very proactive and energetic young lady was there to help all of us waiting for a van. Very well organized; simply superb service. Our van driver was attentive, thoughtful, and cheerful, explaining his choice of driving route to both the out-of-towner (me) and the locals in the van. He happily answered questions from the riders with a great sense of humor and delivered me safely to my destination. I couldn't ask for more and will recommend SuperShuttle to my friends and co-workers traveling to Phoenix.
Super easy to book online and now I use their app to track where my van is. Got an automated call 5 minutes before pick up so I was ready when the driver got there.
Great price and everything went as planned. Great service!
This was the second time I have used there service I did not waited too long at the airport and pickup was right at the dot. Recommended
I have suffered from TMJ for close to a year now and finally decided that i could no longer take the pain of everyday tasks, such as eating, brushing my teeth, yawning... you name it. I searched and searched for a good doctor, and had a few consultations that ended with me just being more frustrated and coming to the conclusion that i would forever be in pain. Then i found Dr. Core... upon my first visit, of course i wasnt expecting him to be any different than every other dr i had seen that told me to simply stop chewing gum... (seriously?) but he gave me a once over from everything to my jaw, to my neck, my head even my ears! He then told me WHAT was wrong and walked me through the steps as to how he would help make me better. At this point i was still wary but i thought i wold give it a shot. Fast forward to 5 months later and ive never felt better, i can actually eat a SANDWICH!!! Yes this sounds silly but i was not able to eat a sandwich in almost a year due to the pain in caused me :( I will forever be SO thankful that i found Dr. Core and Rita who helped me every step of the way in feeling the way i do today! No more headaches, i sleep so much better AND i can eat whatever i want! I would recommend ANYONE who is suffering from TMJ to go see Dr. Core ASAP, him and his staff are amazing!!
As long as Stephanie is working the bar the customer service is great! Wings and beer on Thursday is great
I fwicken ruv v thees praacce. We ooda da foo lik one tim a wek. We ru v v eve ting we ooda. Garlic Chicken with brown rice Chicken Fried Rice Pei Wei Spicy Chicken with white rice Side of potsticker sauce Seriously 1 time a week for the last 3 months or so. The food is always on point and damn good.
We tried a new dish on our Sunday ritual. It was the Caramel Chicken, as they said in the ad. "Subtle sweetness of caramel with a hint of chile and fresh pineapple. The dish is topped with a fresh Asian slaw of cucumber, red bell pepper, carrots, red onion and Fresno chile peppers marinated in black pepper Asian vinaigrette." It was good!
I recently moved to Arizona from a different state and I lost my contacts. I was in panic-mode because I am about to leave for vacation but I had yet to establish an optometrist here. I called several closer Lenscrafters to seek help (since I'm familiar with the store) but none of them had my brand available. They told me to call the Metro one, so I did. The woman I spoke with was so helpful. She told me to just email the doctor my prescription and they'd be able to give me a trial pair for free until I can order more. So we walk in expecting questions and for it to take a while. The woman at the front desk (I believe her name is Kim) had them waiting for me and it was that easy. I don't know what I would have done if it wasn't for their exceptional customer service and help.
A great variety of soft rock from the 70's to today. All of the DJs' are bubbly and full of life, giving you all the information you need.
I had five kids with me when I pulled in here. The place was clean, the guys were attentive to the kids safety and needs. I felt like I got the royal treatment! Curtious, friendly and professional. Adam, Anthony and Dave are the best! Oh! And it's an automotive place-not daycare! I'll be sending my girlfriends here...customer service is worth a 5 star.
Very professional. Does great work in a very clean and timely manner. Dennis is a man of his word, and very easy to work with. Will use them again, and would recommend to anyone.
There are so many great things to say about Prenatal Peek. I loved being able to schedule our appointment online. There is nothing more annoying than filling out a form on a site and having to wait for someone to call you back. I received a confirmation email within 5 minutes of making the appt, as well as a reminder call from the company a few days prior. From the second we walked in it was a great experience. The viewing room was big and cozy and would easily hold 6-7 additional viewers. Little one was being very uncooperative and our technician took an extended amount of time getting her to turn out of the placenta for some great photos. The 3d experience is SO much better than the standard 2d profile that you get at the regular OB's office. It's extremely affordable as well. I'll be recommending them to everyone.
My foam roof on the bank owned home I bought was a disaster...I was told by my inspection guy that it was the worst deterioration he had ever seen. I decided that this is where we would sink our tax return. I called several companies in the valley and received 4 or so quotes...including one from Rick. I was impressed with Rick's knowledge and honest assessment of what was needed on our home. He didn't upsell and he offered a solid guarantee of his work. On top of this, he was the most affordable of the reputable and long standing services out there. The fact that he had is own foam truck is huge and certainly saves you money. I was pleased with the final product and would certainly use Valley Foam again.
I have taken two of my babies to Team Canine! Both have achieved Canine Good Citizen standing. I love these guys!!! The classes are fun, supportive and informative. I don't know how I would have survived the early years with my buggers without these weekly sessions. I HIGHLY recommend Team Canine, Inc and their positive approach to training. MANY THANKS TO TEAM CANINE!!!
How many times did you hear Starbuck staff say "Good morning" in one visit. I heard 7 times here even it was afternoon. LOL! I guess they have a long day already. The coffee is no different than any other Starbucks locations, but the staff is the nicest so far.
We live closer to the Walmart on Bell & 19th Ave but I wouldn't shop at that location if my life depended on it. This Walmart is beautiful! Well stocked, super organized, better selection, etc. I was really impressed with this location but I guess after going to 19th ave store ANYTHING would impress me.
Love eating here, wait staff is great, atmosphere is lively especially when they have live music. Patio is also amazing to sit on this time of year. I often order something off the menu and they never have an issue with it. Also the margaritas are just amazing. Would eat here every day if I could.
I love Phongs! I've been to many places over the years and no one offers such a beautiful pedicure so inexpensively. They're incredibly clean too which is a huge plus. I kind of don't want to tell anyone about my diamond in the rough in fear of it getting too busy but I want them to stay open forever!
This is an amazing shopping experience. I liked this Fry's before the remodel. I like it even more now. The previous reviews highlight the wonderful things about this location, and additions since reopening. One of my favorite things they have here is grilled salmon in the area near the deli, ready to buy at around $10/lb. Cooked that day, take it home, heat (or not) and serve over a salad. I LOVE IT! There are so many other choices for that last-minute meal, less than going out to eat, still feeding the family healthy food. There is such an amazing selection of services and foods, that one must visit to fully experience this luxury. Employees are friendly and helpful. If you need to grab something fast for a party, a potluck or the like, you will be a star with any number of ready to serve offerings here.
I love this location of Fry's! Everyone in my group of friends calls it "Fancy Fry's" because it's, well, fancy! They have a smoothie bar in the store, a miniature library where you can actually sit down and peruse the books, and a starbucks. They have a "foods of the world" section, so if you're making a regional dish (japanese, british, middle eastern, italian), come here!
Aweeeessssooommmee I could live here! It has a living room, electronics, a full jewelry store with questionable customer service (previously reviewed). I can grab a cup of tea at Starbucks, take a nap, go have a wine tasting and then have sushi! Its awesome! There is a freaking Kosher section that has organic, kosher chicken. Oh and when I walk out I can pick my freshly detailed car up from the valet. Folks, people, countrymen ya'll don't understand me... this place is awesome sauce.
Best grocery store anywhere, simply because they have a bar in the middle of the massive store with several micro brews on tap, a wine bar, and a few flat screens. Grabbed a beer here one night with a buddy (seriously, I did) and felt like we were at, you guess it, a bar. Prices were actually slightly cheaper than being in a bar. What a great idea!
They guys at Euro SS do a fantastic job and know theirs stuff when it comes to european cars. There are only a handful of reliable mechanical shops in the valley and even fewer the know how to service euros correctly. They've been servicing my VWs and Audis for 5 years now and I have no reason to look elsewhere for better pricing or service.
They are super friendly and reasonable. I have been very happy with all the services I have gotten here. Highly recommend.
I love this place looks r deceiving but amazing cheap prices and great work done here....
Still the same excellent service, and we've been fortunate to have the same sitter each time. My Big Sexy had a tumor removed several months ago. It appeared to be all good until last month when it seemed to resurface. The plan was for an oncology consult after our vacation. But Big Sexy is all about making our lives difficult in his old age as we, of course, have made his life miserable for the past 16 years in his opinion. Yes, I am qualified to speak on his behalf. You guessed it, the day before our vacation, there's a massive swelling. Crap. Infection? We were frantically trying to get his vet to see him, but what to do about the sitter situation. We were set up for a daily visit, but unsure if he would need further medical attention in our absence. The cat already is on a medical regimen that includes pills, oral liquids, and transdermal meds. So I called Polly's to ask about my options. Charlie was beyond understanding. Although our usual sitter only works on a limited basis, he agreed to assist our sitter with additional visits as needed and even wait for our mobile vet if an appointment was required while we were gone. As it turns out, a daily antibiotic was prescribed and Big Sexy was big and sexy when we returned, just as we left him. We knew both cats were well taken care of as neither was angry when we returned, nor exceptionally pleased to see us!
All I can say is WOW. I was in desperate need of a mani/pedi, and I had bookmarked this place after I read the great reviews from Sara and Halley. This place was impeccable. So incredibly clean. The amount of pampering you get is amazing for the price. Along with the pedicure, you get a sea salt scrub and hot stone massage. The manicure was much the same -- a hot stone massage and a bit of a backrub. I couldn't believe my great luck in finding this place. Thanks, Yelp community for another great find!!!
dr. matsumoto and her team are the best! she came recommended to me by a friend who also goes there. they truly care about the WHOLE child and not just their medical care. we have seen 3 of the pediatricians in the office and they have all been great. we developed a special bond with Dr. Miller during a very lengthy health issue with my son. it's a 45 minute drive for us now that we've moved, but we still make the drive to see dr. miller because we trust her to make the right decisions and offer the best advice for my child's health.
This Hanger Pediatrics is top notch for Cranial Banding! Chris is knowledgeable, professional, and truly cares about the well being of your child. This is the second go around using Hanger for cranial bands and once again we couldn't be in better hands.
I am a Good Sam Club Platinum Plus member, it's July 4 not much is open mechanically. My Toyota motorhome is sitting in a church parking lot w/a cut wiring harness, w/the risk of impound that Monday. Low and behold Kenny pulls up in his Fast Towing 24hr service flatbed to pick up my Toyota motorhome & take it to Little Dealer Little Prices to get worked on. If this is the same one that picked me up,which I'm pretty sure it is,the next time I need a tow they'll be the first ones I call.
Who would know this little place ever existed?! It is so eloquently hidden in the corner of strip mall that has gone to shit. Being the person that I am, I decided to try this place out (why does it seem like I am always reviewing Asian Cuisine? This is beyond me). What a pleasant surprise! To start, my ABSOLUTE FAVORITE thing about this place is the guy behind the counter, who I am guessing is the owner. I think he just may be the reason I continue to come back. Usually, we place orders over the phone for take-out, and I love to hear his familiar and peculiar voice on the other end, repeating my order back to me. It's as if he smiles ALL the time! I do not think I have ever seen this guy in a bad mood, not once! On to the food, pricing, blah blah blah. JK. For the price range, this food is excellent. I am a personal fan of the gyoza, passion iced tea, and your basic (and not so professional in terms of the "sushi" world) Alaskan roll and California roll. They are very affordable and generally taste amazing. For the balla on a budget: go with the Bento dish. It has EVERYTHING you could ever ask for in a meal: teriyaki chicken over steamed veggies and rice, edamame, california rolls, eggroll, spicy beef over salad (which by the way has an amazing sauce). I can't quite remember if anything else comes with it. It is only $6.25!!! I could not even finish the whole meal for lunch on my own. Other items of interest: if you get your meal to go, be sure to ask for the red spiced pepper seasoning salt. I think I sprinkle this on everything I get from there. If you eat inside, they have them at the tables. Which, speaking of the inside, it is a little odd. They have random poles near the cash register...ODD. I definitely recommend this place to anyone. I have not tried much of the other food, but from what my friends and co-workers say, it has been delicious every time (especially the Kalbi steak).
Simply amazed! I took my car in for a piece of metal stuck in one of my tires near the sidewall. The service tech checked the tire and was able to remove the metal without much resistance and asked that I pull the car into the garage to do a quick air check to ensure that it hadn't punctured the tire wall. Luckily, the metal didn't damage the tire and all was well. I asked the tech if I should now go inside and pay for the service, and they said that there would be no charge since there wasn't any need for work on the tire itself. That was an incredibly nice was to start off our weekend and it was totally unexpected. We will definitely be back for more service from this location.
I often go to this location for free air pressure checks. Last year, my Toyota Highlander (aka Wonder Woman) got a flat tire. I'd replaced the van's original tires, at another Discount Tire location (and bought warranties), but kept one of the original's most treaded tires, as a spare. With the new tire going flat, I was forced to use the original spare and now paranoid about driving around with no spare tire. It was incredibly hot this day, and a kind stranger helped me change my flat (chivalry isn't dead) at a gas station. I hate being "a damsel in distress" and not have what I need for emergencies. Thus, I keep my van loaded with emergency supplies: i.e., hydraulic jack, jack stands, tool kit, flares, first aid kit, etc. The stranger was surprised that I had everything he could possibly need to make the job easier. I was equally surprised that he refused to take any money. Sorry for this transgression, but since I'm originally from another state, I've found native Arizonians kinda standoffish. We joked a lot and he told me the acronym for his Fiat (Fix It Again Tony), while I shared about my other vehicle: a Ford Explorer (First One on the Road Dead or Fix Or Repair Daily). With spare on, I then drove to this location real (ladylike) fast to purchase a new spare tire. While the Salesman was more than eager to sell me a new tire, I halted him in his tracks by informing him that I already knew they wouldn't carry this particular tire in stock and was looking for a cheap replacement, from his location, as a spare. In addition, I told him that I'd like to order the new warrantied replacement tire and have it shipped to a different Discount Tire location, closest to my home. Got that? Nowadays, I often check to see if Salespeople are really listening or just trying to push a particular product on you. The Salesman smiled and nodded politely, all the while taking note of my tire. I laughed, while I set my watch, and waited for his return. Five minutes later, he came back and informed me that I was correct about the warranty tire (well duh) and that he carried other alternatives for my vehicle. OKaaay, I chose the cheapest GOOD tire as a spare. He also assured me that he'd place the order for the warranty tire and it would be shipped to my preferred location, within a day. I was back on the road, with my new spare, in about 30 minutes smiling at the whole experience.
Very "inviting" staff! met the manager Ben... who was extremly friendly, spoke to me for over 5 mins... which was pleasantly surprising! clean restrooms... big plus!!
I am so happy to see All About Hair in Yelp. I have been going to Stephanie the wonder nail tech for nearly 6 years. She makes my fingers and toes sparkle and I alway get compliments on them! Thanks Stephanie!
I have to concur with other reviewers. I thought my 2007 Toyota Corolla with 190K miles needed a new clutch. After having compared prices at 5 shops and reading Toyowork's reviews on here I selected them. Andre quickly determined I didnt need a clutch, just an adjustment and gear oil change. He gave me ideas for what to look for in the future in terms of what a bad clutch performs like. I am also particularly impressed by the cleanliness of his shop. Having 2 Toyota Corollas and driving 5K miles a month I will definately be back again.
We all know I love Sundrops Nail Spot and want to live there....because I can't (code violation or some non sense) I have been bugging Stephanie where she got the flower arrangements on the bar. They look so real! So, I went to the French Bee and low & behold was able to buy an arrangement for every room in the house. My favorite is the yellow rose arrangement that I have on my kitchen table....to increase wealth according to my feng shui handbook. Great place, not cheap by any means but I won't have to buy fresh flowers that only last a week!
Tanner Motors does quality work for a fair price. Excellent service. Chris was professional and prompt. Even gave me a courtesy ride. Fantastic. Will definitely go back
I've been coming here for the past 4 years. The people that work here are very friendly and thorough. I've never gotten a bad pedicure or manicure here. They have an assortment of colors and designs that you can mix and match. Something that differentiates this place from others in the area is that the employees do not pressure you to upgrade your package. They give good consistent service every visit and have never disappointed me. I always get my money's worth here, no matter what. I would highly recommend coming here if you're looking for a new place to get amazing nail service.
Angel is an ANGEL! Her heart guides her and with that she is the BEST Reiki Master and Energy Healer I have experienced. She is always offering classes to educate and assist all that are open to being conscious and understanding the energy that surrounds them and the connections of their life in general. Her non-judgmental and friendly personality makes you feel you are now with a friend that loves you because she does everything from her heart.
I knew I was in trouble when I was told I needed to dress up for our anniversary dinner. Hubby set up a wonderful surprise, which turned out excellent for both of us since neither of us had been to Donovan's before. It was obvious to me we have been married for 18 years, we both ordered the exact same meal- the filet mignon with shrimp scampi. Wow. Steak that melts in your mouth. Fresh veggies, and delish au gratin potatoes. I wanted to lick my plate clean, but figured in this upscale setting it probably wouldn't have been appropriate. Service was also excellent, we weren't kept waiting for anything. Great way to celebrate!
We went there on a busy Saturday night and the service was excellent. The staff even welcomed us back and it's been at least 9 years since I was there last. The shrimp were fresh and good size. My wife loved the halibut and my lamb chops were cooked to perfection. We had a wonderful time at Donovan's.
Such a phenomenal experience! They really made my day and the food was outstanding!
What can I say - my best friend came into town and I wanted to show him a few things unique to Phoenix. This was the last thing we did before he left for home and wow - did this blow both of our minds. Our captain was Tommy - talk about a fun, professional and entertaining pilot! He was very knowledgeable and happy to talk about the mechanics of piloting the balloon as well as to point out things to observe while in flight. We also topped the altimeter at around 6,900' - what a thrill!!! Thanks Tommy. Getting picked up at the airport and shuttled to the launch point, our driver was very friendly and cracked a few jokes to put people at ease and set the stage for a great time. Being able to watch the balloon fill up was very cool. The flight was amazing, great for photos. If you don't like heights . . .. rethink this plan of yours. The breakfast at the end was just a perfect way to finish off a great morning. The team who took care of use were very friendly and incredibly hospitable. I can recommend them enough. They told me to try a night flight . . . so, I'll see you guys for a night flight. And yes, I'll be asking for Captain Tommy.
No need to discuss the menu, we all have our favorite...such as a carmel frapp for me. But I have to mention the service at this location. Normally, I frequent the drive-thru. They have never given me an incorrect order and they are super friendly. Inside is very well maintained and the seating outside is nice. I love my local starbucks!
Plan to have a great time! Seriously, this is not a show for the "fly on the wall" type. You can hang out and just watch, but in large, the show is about the audience! The cast does a great job of developing characters from within the audience and they do a great job of going with the flow, their improvisation is key. I panned this evening as for a date and we both had a blast. We found ourselves to be the most outgoing people at our table, but by the end of the night...and after a few drinks, everyone was having a great time! I cannot wait for the next show!
This place takes the cake when it comes to good food fast! Used to come here for lunch while working in the area. Basically order one of there combos, or create your own tacos. Lot's of different meats to choose from. Fresh tortillas being pressed in front of you, what more can you ask for? The salsa bar has a lot of choices. I miss you el taco tote, haha.
I had never heard of Hobe Meats before reading about them in a Deal Chicken ad. Although a little leary of a place I hade never heard of, I decided to give them a try. It was the best online decision I had ever made. The gentlemen at the counter were very courteous and helpful. The meat was very fresh, not like what you find in your local supermarket. I tried meats that ranged from various cuts of beef and pork and WOW it is DELICIOUS and FRESH! A real butcher shop in Phoenix. I will only be purchasing my meats from Hobe Meats from now on.
If I was going to eat meat, I wouldn't buy it here...not a bit of it is organic or grass-fed or even humanely raised...BUT I do go here to get our cat and dog food...yes, that's hypocritical, I know, but it's kind of like recycling ('cause they're using parts to make it). They have frozen 1 lb containers of GROUND raw meat with BONES!!! We get the chicken. This saves me from having to do the dirty work of grinding it myself. Plus, my cats and dog are all relatively small, so we can feed the three cats and dog on a container a day...works out to about a buck fifty...a very good deal. They sell frozen hearts separately for the furry friends too. They also now carry a selection of WILD meat...YEA!!! I've tasted a bit...mostly en route to my little one's gullet. But it's expensive. Good thing only the furry creatures in our house eat meat regularly! (p.s. I know folks are raving about the BBQ here...but I can't help thinking they haven't ever been to Memphis, TN (the epicenter of amazing BBQ). Comparatively, this is not good BBQ. If you're desperate, ok...but Honey Bear's better in a pinch.)
My favorite place to purchase meat! Everyone is always so helpful and friendly. Today I purchased three ribeye and can't wait to grill them. My husband and I also stopped in for their Saturday BBQ. Simply amazing!! We shared the tri tip sandwich with fries, ribs with potato salad, and two drinks. It was only $10! You can't beat that deal
Popped in on a whim. The staff was beyond helpful. While the prices are a little bit more than say, Fry's, the meat is WAY better. Obvious that they take pride in what they do there. The selection of meat is more than I expected. The bacon was awesome- still waiting to try the brats. Definitely will go back and support our local businesses (if for nothing else than the customer service was stellar!)
This company is the best out there of it's kind. HIGHLY, HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!! I don't know what I would have done without these people when I had my bedbug problem....I was so freaked out by this that I was literally sleeping on my coffee table. All the companies I called prior to Naturezone wanted to charge me outrageous amounts of money, with no real guarantee that my problem would be fixed. They freaked me out more than I already was. Finally, after much research I found Naturezone (my heros). They were half the price (or more) of the other companies, they immediately alleviated a lot of my fear, they guaranteed that they could completely fix my problem, without potentially ruining my stuff, AND THEY DID EXACTLY THAT. The guy that came to treat my house not only completely got rid of my bedbug problem, but also alleviated all the rest of my fear and anxiety about this horrible nightmare. He also taught me preventative measures to insure i never have this situation again. They even included preventative treatment at my new house almost a full year later in the initial price. If you have a bedbug problem....This is the company to call. You won't find a better price or service out there!!!!!!!!!!!! I am forever grateful to Naturezone Pest Control!!!!!
I've been coming here for 7yrs. These guys have always been pleasant. No pressure. They let you no of course what you need but "no pressure" I like that about this place. Not a fancy place but they get the job done and the waiting area is clean.
I go to Azool pretty regularly. The service is always good and they have something for everyone. I definitely do not recommend it as a "family friendly" venue, as its more of a sports bar. But they have pool, darts, trivia, off track betting, a large viewing screen and cornhole. Ask about the specials because they tend to be varied and different than the menu items.
Love this place! Good people and good times
Like always. Starbucks comes through with exceptional service.
Liking these guys/gals alright! I've been solely a GNC consumer, but decided to give VS a try. Staff at this location asked me if I needed any help within 3 min of me wandering aimlessly for my Braggs vinegar. Clean, well-stocked store, helpful and friendly associates, as well as fair prices.
I concur with Michael J. Found this place about a year ago and we are addicted. THERE IS NO PLACE BETTER FOR "AL PASTOR"! NONE. We have tried a few other things on the menu, and have not been disappointed. But frankly, thats what we go there for: Tacos al pastor. We have even moved out of the area and come up with every excuse in the book to come back. It is well worth the hike if you are not close. Authentic. Rich. Flavorful.
The owners are always friendly and their beds give better color than any other place I've gone to. They have better prices too!
Got the exterior detail for $90. Comes with a regular $12 car wash. Added the $30 clay bar but once car was looked at after wash, manager told me clay bar was not needed so I had $30 refunded. Very classy. Great job on buffing the paint. My car just had the back bumper done after I just barely hit a wall while rear parking my car at the Chase downtown tower parking lot about a month ago. Had someone I met thru a friend do it at his house but he left a lot of overspray. Had falling out with this gentleman, so to say the least I was extremely pleased & relieved to have my car looking brand new again for the most part at a low price. Touched up all the little water spots myself & came back and had a couple little panels buffed again for free. I will be coming back in 6 months to a year as I have a black car and I'm extremely obsessive about my car's paint. I may even start doing hand wash car washes here instead of doing it myself.
deliciouso....great crispy, slightly burnt edges. they weren't frugal with the toppings and were more than willing to add or take away any sauce or topping as we wanted. very friendly staff and quick. cool artwork on the walls, and extremely reasonable for the middle class foodie. several valley locations so check one out in a neighborhood near you. then head next door for a tasty ice cream treat.
They have interesting combinations like curry chicken and yams, pear and gorgonzola....sounds bizarre, but is so flavorful! The traditional choices are available as well, along with great salads and unique sandwiches. Organic whole wheat crust and fresh ingredients make for a great pizza! Friendly staff is an added bonus.
We love this place. We eat here every year when we visit Phoenix. Very kid friendly. Great salads. Since they do pizza by the slice too everyone gets what they want. Best part is it's attached to the Pink Spot.
Whenever I order pizza, it's almost always from Z Pizza. Everything is fresh and delicious and the wait is never long. I really enjoy eating there as well because of all of the options they have available. From vegan pizza to sub sandwiches, whatever you may be in the mood for, they've got it. I'm actually on a personal mission to find the best pizza place in town and so far, Z Pizza is at the top of my list.
Went in today to get two new tires after I found a nail on the side wall of one of my rear ones. Showed up at 5:15 and was out the door by 5:45. Kyle was awesome and helped get me some tires that were better than the lower quality ones I was going to get for just six bucks more. So that was awesome. Overall a good, quick experience. Will definitely be back for a rotation, inspection, etc. when needed.
Did a fantastic job putting in new deadbolts and re-keying all the locks in my new home. They even made different levels of security (house and outdoor gates), just like we requested. Jeff made sure all the doors were functioning properly and he is prideful of his work. What more could you ask for! This a a great local company that I highly recommend.
Came out on a holiday, was super friendly, and didn't rip me off! What more could a girl ask for?! I highly recommend you use them for your locksmith needs.
After a potential break-in last night I stayed home today to have my locks rekeyed. I found all of the reviews on Yelp about Jeff and A 1 Minute Key Service and chose him over the others listed on the To-Fix-It website. I can't say enough kind words about him and his work ethic! He spent way more time than he should have (almost four hours!!) ensuring every lock and every door in my rental home was working and that I was happy with the result. He even noticed where the break-in happened which the non-comforting police officer failed to do. He ensured that lock was safe and double-checked all of the other dead bolts. He even had his friend (who is also his competitor) stop by to help with the efforts of all 19 of my locks. A special thanks to Todd from Alcatraz locksmith company for boosting the efforts. Jeff's prices were incredibly fair, he didn't charge me any extra for all of the extra time and labor and he gave me 10% off for finding him on Yelp. What's funny is he said he doesn't even go on the internet very much and had no idea he had such a following. I signed up with Yelp just to write this post. I only wish I had to use a locksmith more or that he was in the coffee making industry so that I could utilize his services more often. Stellar work!
Needed locks changed for rental and he did a great job. I would definitely recommend and use again.
Jeff is a real breath of fresh air. Very professional, really nice and very reasonable. He re-keyed my entire house, Changed out latches, bolts and put in a new deadbolt that he went out to find to match my door. He was here for quite a while, and he really wanted to make sure that all of the doors worked correctly and smoothly. He is really amazing. I wish all of my service contractors were like Jeff! Thank you Jeff!!!!!
Really nice guy!!! was able to help me right over the phone. recommended to me what was cheaper. thanks!
I turned to A1 Minute Key Service when I needed to re-key my new house. Jeff was great, speedy and sincerely concerned about doing a good job. I found them through Yelp and glad people were exceptionally telling of what a great company.
Jeff the owner is very professional, punctual, thorough. Used him twice now for our new home that was burglarized and our existing one for sale.
Hands down the best locksmith I've ever used! My front door lock mechanism broke one afternoon in such a way that I couldn't even shut the door much less lock it. Jeff was there quickly and had it repaired in no time. He was friendly and extremely reasonable. I will never use another locksmith.
I needed all outside doors in my home rekeyed and found A1 on Yelp. I was almost suspicious of all of the glowing 5-star reviews, but it is legit. Jeff is very courteous and professional. I called on a Monday and he gave me a half-hour window when he could arrive at my house on Wednesday. He called on his way there and arrived by the designated time. He told me the cost in advance, which seemed very reasonable for the amount of time he spent rekeying everything. He was very personable and friendly. He also took extra time and effort to handle a few other issues - i.e. making an adjustment to a door so the lock would close more smoothly, tightening the brace that holds the screen door open, oiling the locks. He did not charge for these services, he just seemed interested in doing a great job and leaving my doors and locks in better shape than he found them. Very service oriented, efficient, and professional. I would recommend him absolutely.
Same day appointment. Prompt, affordable and honest. After all the nasty stories I heard about locksmith. Thankful I called this guy! Will turn to him for future rekey needs.
I'm often dubious when I read reviews that mention people by name. They are almost always Spelp (Spam+Yelp). So I was naturally apprehensive when ALL the reviews here talk about Barry this and Barry that. Except, this place IS the exception. It's Barry's store and wouldn't be what it is without Barry and his unique personality. He is chatty, friendly, knowledgeable and very experienced. It doesn't hurt either that his quality is great and the prices are amazing. I'm in a suit every day and was looking to add 2 new suits to my wardrobe. Barry instantly knew my size and had me trying on jackets within minutes. Two great suits, including alterations and tax was less than $400 - that's about the same as one lesser quality suit at Jos A Banks or Men's Wearhouse. Thanks Barry!
I LOVE southwest!! One of the only remaining airlines in the states that gives you free snacks and drinks for your flight. Attendants look like they actually like their jobs, and also look under the age of 35, which is a rarity these days. I love the comedic safety info, as it really gets you to listen. The seats aren't the most comfortable, but the flights aren't actually that long, so I was fine. I actually love the no seating assignment rule, too. You are still, to a degree, getting to choose who you sit next to/where on the plane you sit. I personally tried to avoid people with babies (sorry, I like to sleep). One thing I'm dying to know, though, is why southwest passengers take longer ton disembark from the plane than any other airline?? Hurry up, people!
Southwest is my favorite airline. The end. Well, I won't leave you hanging there. If you've never flown Southwest, you're missing out. The only reason I won't fly Southwest is they don't fly where I'm going, like earlier this year I had to go to Montreal, Canada and Kingston, Jamaica. Had to fly another carrier...oh well. I love Southwest's No Assigned Seating policy. I love their idea of snacks -- we're talkin' REAL snacks, and as many as you want! They have the same beverage service as other airlines. The employees have a sense of humor, frequently making passengers laugh during their usually-mundane required tasks. I love that I can check in from their mobile app and print the boarding passes later, unlike some other airlines (some you can, but not all). And the seats are more comfortable, it seems like. Love Southwest. All the time.
Love it. The tamales are great, the tacos and tostadas are simple and satisfying, the menu is straightforward and cheap. Only flaw is it being closed on Sundays. Highly recommended, especially if fast and cheap are priorities.
Amazing mexican!! Couldn't believe the quality difference of mexican food here than compared to the NE. Really good! Try the enchilada and tamales and im sure you will like the hot sauce!@! great thumbs up all the way
just go in and order a dozen tortillas and you will be the happiest person on earth... their bean burritos are to die for as well...
Look, you want authentic Sonoran style mexican food like Arizonan's are used to then Carolina's is the place. Best tortillas in town. LOVE the machaca, tamales, even the 2 beef taco combo! The place is constantly packed yet she can still afford to be closed on Sundays. Normally, that would be considered restaurant death but not for Carolina's. What better sign do you need?
I can't say enough nice things about Carolina's. We eat here just about once a week because it's so affordable and delicious. Also, there is just something so comforting about a warm homemade tortilla the size of a tire. My absolute favorite menu item is the Oaxaca special. The Oaxaca is a burro filled with pinto beans, chorizo, potatoes and cheese. All of this goodness costs $3.45 and is great for breakfast or dinner. If you are not into chorizo I would also recommend a soft taco or burro with chicken in the green chili. The chicken practically melts in your mouth and the green chili is very flavorful.
This is one of the stores that is worth a visit. It is like stepping into another world. Even if you don't buy anything. I always do! They have the best fresh produce displays of anywhere in Phoenix. The cakes in the bakery are decorated beautifully. We bought two and thought it can't taste as good as it looks. They did. Very good tasting. Beside the produce displays the quality is very good. Everything looks and is fresh. The meat department has everything form standard cuts of meat, fish, to a cow head. We always eat when we go to shop. Their food is priced low and you get plenty to eat. They have a big selection of fresh food. All being cooked and prepared as you watch. This is a place to go see even if you are not in the area. Take some time. Visit the store. Have a great lunch. Look around. I think you will find many things you will want to take home with you. Craig
I LOVE Red Robins steak fries soooo much!!...dipped in ranch dressing...of course. Always great service at this location too!!
I go here al the time, great to have a comic book store int he SW valley!
Awesome Food, Service and Ambience! It feels more like casual dining than fast food!
Best steaks ever! I'm from Chicago and I was amazed! Great service overall!
Love, love, love Holly at Green Cleaners. She always remembers me, and little details about my life. Who does that anymore? Every time I leave this place I feel like I'm living in Mayberry. Just for a minute though, until I nearly die attempting to turn left onto Camelback. But Holly is amazing. She always has things done on time and does a great job. She even got pollen out of a white cashmere sweater of mine. That, by the way, is one of the greatest feats in all of dry-cleanerdom. Love this place!
Walked in, they greeted me with a smile. I told them my drink and they got it out quick. Opened after a nice remodel. 5 stars!
I have used Doggie Dude Ranch (pet planet) several times in the last year. I have a pain in the butt Chiuaua, but they are really good with him. I have found that it is easy to make reservations with them and the pickup and drop off process has been very easy. Lastly, they are great at helping me cut my little dogs nails and they always have him nice and bathed when I pick him up. They offer many services at a reasonable price. Plus I feel comfortable leaving my dog with them for 5 to 6 days at a time.
Before Molly passed away I would take her to see Terry for her day of beauty and they were so always so kind and gentle with my her, she was a senior. Now I have a cat and I take him to see Terry to get his nails done. I could not ask for any more of awesome people to take care of my pets. I so much appreciate Terry and her team!! Thank you.
My husband and I love coming here. Most restaurants can be improved in some fashion if you want to sit down and critique every inch of it...We choose to go and enjoy the restaurant for it is. An amazing little family run bistro in South Phoenix. We have ordered just about everything on the menu and have never been disappointed. The staff is always friendly and we have yet to have a glass of wine we didn't like. We were there this past Saturday and had crab bruschetta, shrimp bruschetta and a huge bowl of mussels. It was all outstanding. And that says a lot since good seafood is hard to find in AZ. I would highly recommend going to Amano's....and as for the presentation of the food, really? I'm sorry. Get a life. It's a restaurant, not an art gallery. While I do agree the food should look edible, I don't expect Monet on a plate. Although if you ask the French chef, he may oblige your request. ;o)
Been here a few times with different groups of friends, and it's always a fantastic experience. Everyone in the staff is so friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu, and it shows through how much they love and are proud of this place. Food is excellent and can easily beat other fancier places in fancier parts of town, and their daily specials are just mouth watering. Stop by and you won't be disappointed, and who knows, you may just get a lucky sighting of the chef who saunters around every now and then. Truly one of South Phoenix's hidden gems.
I'm hesitant to give 5 stars after 1 visit, but I have to. Eating at the counter facing into the kitchen afforded us a real look at how much care and attention is put into the food, even though it comes out at a great pace. A chef named Cole manned the impressive wood-fired oven with ease and confidence, and all the while he and the other chef making all the salads took our questions and offered up useful information with a smile on their faces. Rather than get into details on each dish, I posted pictures of most of what we ate. Can't wait to explore the whole menu and look forward to specials and new additions. St Francis is a gem: a stylish modern bomb shelter of a place, serving up skillfully crafted comfort food. The neighborhood it's named after is lucky it landed where it did. Plus it would suck to name a restaurant "Campus Vista" or "Scary Place Where Carolina's Is".
We had a lovely first trip to St. Francis. I would describe the food, service and atmosphere the same way: upscale, casual, and not overbearing, right down to the valet's. To the bacheloette dinner party: the Vig may have been a better choice. They have a lot more menu choices and more party-like atmosphere. But back to St. Francis: We had the Cioppino and Hanger Steak and both were perfect. Great neighborhood place. We will definitely go back.
MY FAVORITE RESTAURANT IN ALL OF PHOENIX. And I love food! I have yet to have any dish that wasn't 8 or 9 out of 10. From simple food (the burger is the best burger I've had in my life, I swear), to brunch (the baked eggs is excellent, as is the mushroom and goat cheese omelet), to dinner or lunch (the chile verde is to die for!). I read somewhere that the pudding desert ($7) is one of the top 100 dishes in the valley. It's not huge, but perfect blend of flavors and gelato and just a 10 out of 10 desert. Honestly, I'd eat here weekly if I wasn't afraid of growing tired of the food. Ultra modern decor, clean, free valet, friendly owner/chef, and the most kid-friendly super fancy restaurant I've ever seen. Anyway, I'm usually tough on restaurants, but this is my favorite place to eat, and I have a hard time imagining anyone could be disappointed for giving it a try.
I had brunch at St Francis today . From the moment i stepped in , the who restaurant smelled like good food. I had the gravy biscuit topped with a fried egg. The gravy was not the typical heavy gravy, it was made with the perfect bchamel savory sauce with homemade sausage . This seriously the best biscuits and gravy I have ever had. I also had a yummy fresh Bloody Mary. If I had my i-pad with me I would have hung out until dinner. I highly recommend it , I will for sure be back to try lunch and dinner, several times.
I had a great time here. My first visit was at luch as a co-worker recommended it to me. I was a little lost coming in the entrence but once I found my way in I was impressed right off the bat. I find the enviornment relaxed causal and fresh. My waiter imformed me of the sesonal menu they offer and welcomed me to take a look around. I ordered a wood fired pizza with chicken and arugula, delicous! I was impressed with the local artwork and the mural they have upstairs. I cant wait to come back at night to intesify the experience.
Best service and staff. Our waiter was very attentive and ended up giving us a free desert. The food is great and priced well. Will be coming back.
Sunday brunch with live jazz and drinks are the best in Phoenix! Love the bakers boards, fingerling potatoes, and an order of the fritatta, egg whites only no cheese extra veggies. The space is amazing; so is the food and drink. You need to try out their Sunday brunch! ;)
Okay so I'm a little late to the game here. But in this case, better late than never because St. Francis was awesome! The boyfriend and I headed to St. Francis for breakfast/brunch on Sunday. We thought if we went later we'd miss the crowd. We were wrong. We got there close to 11AM and were told it would be a 45 minute wait. We ended up waiting only about 20 or so because we were willing to sit outside. We decided to split a couple things so we ordered the eggs benedict with salmon and the baked pancake. The eggs benedict was delicious. I highly recommend the salmon. It wasn't overly fishy, it was a great combination with the eggs and hollandaise sauce. I was a little bummed that it didn't come with anything - no potatoes or fruit - would have been nice. The pancake was SO rich. A good thing to share. It's like a pancake/cupcake/bread thing more than a straight up pancake. They fill it with chocolate and top it with berries and cream. Could have used a little more cream on top but overall it was really, really good. Don't let the olive oil weird you out - it works. We were very happy with our food and the atmosphere. There was a live band with added a nice touch to the morning dining. I would definitely go back for breakfast and would love to try their dinner sometime.
New to Phoenix and my first time to St. Francis . And was it great! It's got the bistro vibe. White tablecloths covered in paper (that's OK) and the place was busy, busy, busy. We sat upstairs but next time I want to be where the action is (downstairs even though it was loud down there). Our waiter was fab; did I mention he looked like Louie C.K.? The wine was a big pour, and the food, oh the food! We all had the french onion burgers and they were so darn good. But the best part was the side of polenta. it was the best polenta I have ever had (creamy and out of this world). Everyone was too full for dessert. We had reservations and even got a call that afternoon from the restaurant confirming (that was a nice touch). What would I ask the St. Francis to improve? Their menu is in really small print and hard to read if you "forgot your reading glasses". Thanks for a nice evening St. Francis. See you next time.
I have only been here once and cant wait to return. The decor is industrial/modern. The crowd here is eclectic. We started with the goat cheese appetizer. It was tangy, smidge sweet and acidic from the tomatos...absolutely delish. I ordered an almond margarita out of curiosity...you must try! It is hard to describe...but it totally works. We had the hanger steak and salmon. Hanger steak was sooo flavorful, tender...exactly what i wanted. The salmon is spectacular! I cant wait to return and try everything else! It all looked good.
This place was great. I went on a sunday for brunch. I thought it was going to be small judging from the outside but it turned out to have a surprisingly big. Really good atmosphere especially upstairs. They had piano music playing and I actually wasn't sure if someone was playing live. I don't think there was. Food was delicious. I got the biscuits with gravy. Potatoes were definitely unique and great. Drinks were also very refreshing. Will be back many times in the future
Let me say this up front, my wife used to work @ St. Francis so we are fortunate to know the servers and staff, this always makes for a friendly environment. I have never had any item that I did not enjoy, in fact I have a new appreciation for fresh ingredients after having the pleasure of dining here. Chef Aaron can be compared to Picasso with a brush, or even Stephen King with a pen, except he perfects his ideas with kitchen utensils putting his work on plates. Alex, Korbi and David serve great drinks. Kayla and Dylan have both served us and are always attentive to their tables. Brunch is excellent, I would recommend the Egg Sandwich or Eggs Benedict, and you can't go wrong with any of the baked goods. Happy hour is fantastic, very good deals. For lunch I would recommend the French Onion Burger, always cooked to what you order and one of the tastiest burgers I have had in the Valley. The menu is seasonal so don't be afraid to try something new. During your wait enjoy the building, the lines are amazing, and there is a mural from local artist Dose on the second floor. Thank you St. Francis.
I absolutely love this joint. The food is out of this world fresh and delish! Seasonal veggies. Mmmmm goat cheese crustini is soooooooo good. Excellent service. A favorite for sure.
Amazing brunch! Nice open air feel and quick service. The wood oven baked eggs are ridiculously good! Runny egg yoke with seasonal veggies all baked with red wine braised beef... Yes please. The chicken salad sandwich is also delicious. Live jazz has on Sunday morning is supposed to be great as well.
As a chef, I was thoroughly pleased with this restaurant. The decor, the service, and especially the food. This was truly a winner! I especially loved the movies that they had playing on the patio and the open kitchen. I would strongly recommend this to anyone who is looking for a fun and casual night out with great eats!
Looks like it's been about a year and a half since I did my St. Francis review. Good timing - as I was asked to suggest dinner ideas for my cousins visiting from New York. And ideas for Sunday brunch with a dear friend and her daughter. So happy we decided to come here! (Yes - two visits in one weekend - score for me!) For dinner - we arrived close to 6:30, a party of 4 with no reservations. No problem - we were seated in under 20 minutes (we got lucky!) We ordered way too much food - the four of us shared 2 apps, 3 salads and 2 entrees - as well as a few cocktails. It was all SO GOOD! Our server Barry was perfectly on point through the night - my NYC cousins were sufficiently impressed - and St. Francis retains its placement as one of my favorite Valley restaurants. Fingerling potatoes, baked goat cheese, romaine hearts, kale ceasar, beets, roasted salmon superfood and the special that night of half a roasted chicken. All prepared and plated beautifully. None of us had room for dessert - so that will be a goal for next time! For brunch Sunday - we arrived at 10:15 - I had made reservations and we were seated immediately. Cocktails and coffee for the grownups, mocktail for the daughter. We shared a baker's board and ordered the kid's pancake, smoked salmon flatbread and tomato baked eggs. There was no room for dessert - but with the lemon and pear muffin, carrot cake and cinnamon roll from the baker's board - we didn't really need it. Once again - and proving the consistency in service and food from my first review - St. Francis does it right! So happy to have it nearby - and need to keep it on my heavy rotation list!
Love this place! The patio is lovely. I had a kale salad with jumbo shrimp and it was fantastic. You MUST try the Coronado if you have a cocktail there!
I get the meatballs every time I go. It is hard to try anything else, they have perfected the art of the meatball. Atmosphere is definitely 5 star worthy. Great place to take a date, or celebrate an event with friends.
One of the best restaurants I have been to in the Valley! Conveniently located in uptown Phoenix, St. Francis is a very attractive destination for any couple or group looking for a nice restaurant to spend the evening. I enjoyed the drinks and suggested wine pairings for the three course meal they were serving during the Restaurant Week celebration here in town. Everyone on staff is extremely knowledgable and friendly. I love going to a restaurant with waiters that are knowledgable and who are invested in the success of the restaurant. The cheesy bruschetta, chilled potato and leek soup, roman hearts salad are all excellent appetizers that I would recommend. The green pork chili verde is a savory and spicy entree. I have also tried the marinated flank steak, which was served a little over cooked and just okay at best. I am sure there are better, more affordable options on the menu. As for desserts, I have enjoyed both the strawberry shortcake and the sticky toffy pudding. Both were extremely pleasant and the perfect way to end a great dining experience.
I recently went on a date with my husband here. The service and good was awesome. Our waiter, Taylor was on point with all his recommendations. From wine to dessert. The atmosphere was very cool. I'm headed back this weekend. I very much recommend this place.
Great quality, great prices. If only they had longer hours, delivery of large items, and a gift registry, it'd be heaven.
We really like shopping at this Costco. Great product assortment Great location Great prices Great service Great people Great food Great gas prices Great return policy and their rotisserie chicken is darn good too!
The Symphony Hall will always have a special place in my heart, since I associate it with spending time with my mom and sister, watching the ballet and symphonies growing up. Yelp provided the latest opportunity for us to see the Nutcracker this Sunday. The Symphony Hall was just as I remembered it when I was little. However, it threw me off since the front entrance is now directly connected to the Convention Center. This was actually quite nice since you can park in the convention center parking garage and go directly indoors through the convention center lobby to the Symphony Hall without having to go outside when it's cold or super hot outside depending on the season. I loved walking in and seeing the giant lighted Christmas tree and the storyteller surrounded by small children, listening to him read from a storybook. The open shop was selling Nutcracker souveniers like Christmas ornmaents, shirts, and CDs. There were the bars serving hot chocolate, coffee, and holiday drinks. All memories were intact, just as I remembered it! The Nutcracker ballet itself had changed, but for the better! There was a ton of special effects. The opening scene was gorgeous with the ornate ballroom. The rat costumes were hilarious! I loved them. Even the Nutcracker himself had the most adorable costume. I'm used to seeing costumes at Disney light up and have special effects, but I never expected our own valley Nutcraker to have all the same effects. These special effects never took away from the actual ballet though. The artistry and talent of the ballet dancers was evident and classic even with the added modern effects. Those ballet dancers were truly amazing, and I'm so grateful that this traditional delight can still being enjoyed by people of all ages and backgrounds.
My favorite things about symphony hall is how much culture to which it is actually a performance home. The ballet, the opera, the symphony, and more. You need not look further than symphony hall if you are in search of something to bring some depth and beauty into your every day life. If you have a student ID you can get tickets to performances for $10 immediately before the start of any performance. You fill a seat basically. You may have great seats. You may have not so great seats. The point is that you get out and get some culture in your youth at a very low price. Fill your life with beauty and culture. You will always find something worth while filling the space at symphony hall.
The service center was exceptionally accommodating. They promised me specific times and came through right on time. The wait lounge is comfy with lots of amenities to bide your time but of course there's always the courtesy van to take you home or shopping
Jennifer's Catering is AMAZING. I was lucky enough to have this fantastic company cater my wedding, and the compliments on the food were endless. My husband and I first came across Jennifer's Catering when they catered my sister-in-law's wedding, and once my husband proposed to me and we started to delve into the planning process, I knew that I had to have Jennifer's Catering prepare the food for our wedding. I contacted the company and from that point on was in direct communication with Andrew, who handles planning and the like. He is so incredibly nice, and even when I kept e-mailing him with all sorts of changes and wrong numbers and made him re-do things over and over again, he always responded with unmitigated kindness that never failed to make me smile. When my hubby and I went for our tasting, everything was out of this world -- the mac and cheese, especially. We wanted to go for the look of gourmet comfort food --- pulled pork sliders, miniature meatloaf, bruschetta that was to-die-for and other lovely choices flocked our menu, and with every bite of something new that I tasted, "wow" was the word that escaped me. We had a few guests at our wedding who are vegan or vegetarian, and Jennifer's Catering accommodated our needs with delicious food that was appropriate for those dietary needs. I cannot say enough about Jennifer's. They worked within our budget constraints and produced the best, most creative food that everyone enjoyed. I recommend them with five stars -- Jennifer's Catering is truly as good as it gets.
I LOVE this place. I hate to use such a lame phrase, but this stuff is the definition of delicious and nutritious -- heavy emphasis on the delicious. Everything tastes really fresh and satisfying. Plus, the staff is super friendly and the decor is SO CUTE. They have this little beverage station that is a million times more adorable than a soda fountain. It kind of reminds me of the mimosa bar at my sister-in-law's bridal shower. This will definitely be a new lunch spot for me. My boyfriend loves charcuterie boards, so I will be bringing him in to try the nosh boards. Hopefully I can talk him into the fondue!
For those who don't read the labels of your OTC pharmaceuticals to write yelp reviews... Matrixx is the developer of my beloved Zicam. Specifically, my beloved Zicam Intense Sinus Relief No-Drip Nasal Gel. Nasal gel. Gross. But oh -- Matrixx -- THANK YOU for developing this amazing nasal gel. (nasal gel. ha! i can't get over it...) With cooling menthol AND eucalyptus. Because, without it, I'd be a stuffed-up, non-functioning girl right now. It's the ONLY thing that will clear up a stuffy nose/head/sinuses.. and after this nasty flu that has kicked my ass... this nasal gel (ha!) is what has saved me more than anything else in my arsenal of OTC drugs. It may be more expensive than other OTC drugs (11+ bucks) but it's the only thing that consistently works IMMEDIATELY. Thank you thank you thank you!!!
I came in for a haircut through a Groupon deal and Marie was my stylist. She gave me a very nice trim and cute side swept bangs! I wasn't sure about the idea of bangs, but she assured me they would look good and it did indeed! I have received lots of compliements. They even gave me a 50% off coupon for my next visit. I will be sticking with this salon!
I love Walgreens because it is always open and almost always has what you need; maybe not everything you can think of, but everything you actually NEED. This particular location gets a bonus star for Van Morrison's moondance playing over the PA system and for carrying a line of candy that claimed to be healthy :) And it had the couple of sundries I actually needed to pick up, too! Extra bonus star for a smiling and friendly cashier - not always the norm for Walgreens back home.
This is the best pizza chain in Arizona! I'm from Chicago and was thrilled to see that Rosati's made their way out to Arizona. If you're looking for a good combo on your pizza, try italian beef and giardiniera.
The salads and pizza at Market Bistro are maybe some of the best I've ever had in Phoenix. Four years of coming here and I still have yet to run across something that's disappointed me. Anytime the temperature dips below 70 I start craving some vegetarian corn chowder. Off the topic of food, but still worth noting is how cool the bathroom mirror is. If you stand just right you can get a perfect white ring just around your pupils. My only complaint is that the lunch rush can get crowded and loud. There is usually always seating available at the bar or on the patio, though. And the staff (at both locations) has always been accommodating and friendly.
Great food, amazing service. The atmosphere is classy but comfortable. You could bring a formal business meeting here, or come in wearing your gym clothes and both would fit in.
This is a great place to stay. The golf course, clean rooms with upgraded amenities is more then what you pay. You have access to a full size balcony with lawn chairs on them, kitchenette, and even washer dryer! This place is a steal when you book online. I frequently stay here and would recommend to everyone!
Just dropped off my clothes here becuase I was in the area and will be for a few days. The owner of this is also the owner of the cleaners on Thomas rd. in Phoenix. They did a great job on my clothes once again. Not much more to say but, keep up the good work. I am very pleased!!!
I dont know about the Mesa location but my family and I go to the Phx location and I have to disagree with the last review. We see Dr Pillai and have never been happier. My daughter was 10 when he 1st saw her and he Dr heard something wrong with her heart. My daughter has seen pedatricians and drs all her life and no one has EVER told me her heart was abnormal. So we went to a Cardio and soon had to get her into open heart surgery!! I was blown away that no other Dr found this out. The staff and providers are extremely nice and always seem concerned. The Dr takes his time with us and never makes us rush. there is sometimes a wait, but worth it for an excellent Dr who actually CARES for his pts. I highly recommend this for anyone!
After browsing Yelp! for a self wash for my two German Shepherds, I came across Wag N Wash. After reading the reviews, I was just about ready to load up my poochie until I read that the dogs must be lifted into the wash bins. Me being a scrawny 125 pounds, I knew I'd nearly kill myself trying to lift my 85 and 100 pound dogs. I know I could have asked for assistance, but my dogs don't like being handled by anyone other than myself. I then read that Smelly Dog had hydraulic wash tubs that could be lowered to where the dogs could walk right in. This alone made me switch my destination to Smelly Dog. Upon arrival, I was greeted by two friendly receptionists. I didn't have an appointment, and that wasn't an issue at all. They checked me in and immediately began setting up a tub for me. Once they finished, they attached a collar to my dog and walked us back to the tub, which I'm assuming have been upgraded based off of other reviews. The tubs were metal and definitely durable. She then showed me how to work the remote for the tub, how to work the hose and explained the array of products/tools I was given (Apron, shampoo, conditioner, ear cleaner/cotton balls, a gentle face wash, towels, a few brushes/combs (one of which was a sudsing brush which was MIA in another review) and blow dryer). As soon as my Yoshi girl entered the tub, we realized there was a problem. She is an awkward height, so when we attached her to the restraint, it was either too lax, which meant she could easily jump out, or it was too tight to where she could not stand up without having to keep her head down. The receptionist helped me find a way to restrain her to provide her comfort and to also prevent her from flopping out of the tub. Wash Time! The hose was very easy to use and had many different settings. The pressure was good and the water temperature is controlled, so no need to tinker around with a "hot/cold" knob. The shampoo and conditioner are in what appears to be condiment bottles, which provides very easy application. The products are all natural and high quality that work and smell great! The dryer was also easy to use. It has a high and low setting. Yoshi is very timid, so I used the low setting and she did fine. Once I finished, asked the staff if they would be able to make accommodations for my other German Shepherd, Ben. Ben is aggressive and does not like unfamiliar people at all, so I was nervous to bring him in. They assured me they've seen it all, and offered to set me up a tub in the far corner so the number of people passing by would be limited. I was also allowed to pre-pay for his wash to limit the amount of time he would have to be in the lobby. By the time I dropped off Yoshi and returned with Ben, the tub was already set up. They allowed me to walk back to the tub and restrain him myself which is exactly what I wanted to do as this prevented any unnecessary barking or growling. After washing my Benny boy up (he did EXCELLENT by the way! Proud mama!), we returned to the lobby. I was approached by Jackie (owner/manager??) and she recommended an awesome oatmeal shampoo for my very itchy Jack Russell at home (already used it, he smells so yummy!), as well as some grain-free foods (all were reasonably priced too!). I was nervous because of how close Jackie was standing to Ben, but much to my surprise, instead of barking at her like he does with nearly anyone who else who stands too close, he jumped up and licked her all over her face!! AMAZING! She obviously presented herself in a way that wasn't threatening. Major Plus! I'll definitely return! Awesome staff, very user-friendly equipment. Totally worth $15 bucks each. No more bathroom hair-ball explosions and accidental headbutts that result in split lips!
What a great dental experience. This is a very modern and clean office. My daughter had a few teeth extracted today and I can't compliment the staff enough. Very professional, gentle, and kind. They took such good care of her, and that says a lot. I'd definitely recommend this dental office to anyone that's looking.
The best dentist I have ever been to. Very friendly and caring! I always enjoy enjoy coming to see him .
Hands down, this is the best pizza in town. We are so glad that they reopened. Since me fiance took me there the first time approx. 1.5y ago, I have been in love with their pizza. Thanks for making our pizza night special every week!
I was blessed with good skin. Once, I was even complimented on it by a nurse while laying in a hospital bed sans makeup and on some serious pain meds. She asked me what I used and I told her hand soap and body lotion. Seriously, I never had to try. Then I woke up one day and got the brilliant idea to go off birth control because I thought that maybe I should give my body a break. Idiot. My skin has never been the same and I got back on birth control just to make it stop. I hate being a woman. It's so unfair. Beware ladies, birth control can make your skin go crazy if you decide to go off after a decade of drug induced level hormones. After wasting a bunch of money on over the counter crap that just dried out my skin, I finally decided to see a professional. I went to Paul English Dermatology totally blind and was just hoping for the best. Should of checked Yelp, duh. They got me in the next day. I saw a PA, Mindy. She was absolutely wonderful. Normally, I'd push to see the doctor but I was feeling impatient. Mindy sat me down and explained that my body just needed time to adjust and that there were things we could do during this period to bring my skin back to it's former glory. She gave me lots of free samples and coupons for the prescriptions. Thank goodness, because the pharmacists bill rang up to about $570 for a one month supply of pills! After the little discount card it was only $10. I was highly confused by this until the pharmacist explained that some insurance companies refuse to cover this specific brand because of it's expense and the fact that there is a generic version on the market. The drug company actually gives out these little discount cards to people who's insurance won't cover their brand. Yay me. If you are having any issues, don't waste your time like I did. The prescription that actually worked cost less than anything I bought over the counter. Also, Mindy injected a problem area and it was gone by the next morning. Seriously, if you have a big event and a big pimple, go to Mindy. Go now. I wish I could have some syringes to-go. It's like a tiny, slightly painful Christmas miracle. It's only been two days since my visit and I can already see a difference. There is a God.
I have been coming here for about 5 years now. I have no idea what these bad reviews are all about, but I can assure you that these people are wonderful. Mindy, the PA is wonderful. (She has the best skin I have ever seen) She's so friendly and really makes you feel comfortable and puts you at ease. I have brought my kids here as well and everyone is friendly. Mindy really helped out my family. I will continue to come here and I think you should too!
If you are looking for someone that is professional, knowledgeable, and caring - you need to visit Dr. Majidi and his staff. I have been seeing Dr. Majidi for over 10 years and still amazed at the amount of knowledge that he possess. The staff is very professional and courteous. You will always feel that your health is top priority with this group. Strong 5 Stars!
I am very happy that I called Dayna to help me with my gas plumbing issue. I needed a pipe moved to accommodate a new range. He and his wife communicated with me regularly, set appropriate expectations, and did a great job overall - for a fair price. Dayna was friendly and professional and did a speedy and thorough job. I am very happy with the service I received from Camelback Plumbing and would recommend this company to anyone needing a good plumber.
I called Dayna again late this evening to help with a broken valve under my sink. He quickly came out to help. Once again, he was friendly and professional. Camelback plumbing is the best plumber I have dealt with. Thanks Dayna
Things that I am thankful for: -family (including my husband and my new extended family that I married into and of course Minnie too) -friends -health -an incredible job -a fantastic Yelp community -the fact that At One Yoga was open today and that Ian taught a fantastic power yoga class Because it's Thanksgiving, I figure now is as good a time as any to update my review of At One Yoga and say that it really is a fantastic studio. I'm not alone in saying this... just look at their other reviews and/or look at how packed some of the classes are! Today's class was insane. We were literally mat to mat on the floor but that didn't deter anyone at all... I'm grateful for all of the things I mentioned above and oh so much more. I hope to continue to be blessed with the ability to practice being At One for years to come!
I grew up going to this Barro's. Granted, it is not the COOLEST looking pizza place ever, but it is by far the best. All the Barro's locations across the valley have amazing pizza! They have lots of tables and booths; perfect for family pizza parties. They have TV's, normally with sports kicking.. and a play area for kids with a ball pit and video games. Thick, yummy crust and flavorful cheese. I love to dunk it in the mild wing sauce! Anyways, Barro's has the best pizza in Arizona, its is really reasonably priced and locations all over... so try them out. You wont regret it!
Dr. Heather is terrific. We drive from Mesa to get the best care for our kitties. Reasonably priced and very compassionate care.
This is a great little place. Kind if off the beaten path but we'll worth it. The food is great quality and very well priced. Always check the daily specials, everything has been great.
I had a very good experience with this company. Mature and highly knowledgable, showed up on time, fixed right first time. What else could I want. I tried lower cost HVAC companies and got what I paid for. I highly recommend Day & Night
Absolutely agree with previous reviewers, Jill is great! We found Laser Perfection right here on Yelp!! She's very friendly, knowledgeable, and affordable, what a great combination! My wife and I have each visited Jill and have been very happy with her services. If you have hair and don't want it there...visit Jill.
Best Wendys ever!! So new looking. This wendys even has a coffee house menu with fresh baked goods, tea and coffee. Place is so clean, has a fake fire place area with cute seating. Free wifi as well as those all in one soda machines. I would go here for a coffee break and a meal, the dollar menu is amazing 5 piece nuggets for a dollar each! Lots of parking right by paradise valley mall.
I love the food here. I was born and raised in Manila so I have been homesick for Pinoy food. Everything at this place is baked or cooked on premises from scratch. I had the lechon kawali and it was crispy good. I have tried the dinuguan ("pork chocolate stew") with rice and puto -- deelish! My American fiance loves the Pancit Bihon Guisado. We both love the macapuno tart and the special halo-halo. This is a rare sit-down Filipino restaurant with friendly servers. The rest room is clean, complete with amenities like hair spray. We are on our way there today for our nth visit and don't mind having to drive from North Scottsdale. We stop by Fry's Electronics while we're there as it is nearby and we kill 2 birds with one stone. Malinamnam!
I don't write too many reviews for retailers. If I do its usually either a really positive experience or it's really bad and I try to warn others. We had an experience at this location recently that was great. My wife and I found some chairs (on sale) we liked but wanted a different fabric. Pier one doesn't really do any custom work meaning that they sell whatever they get. The employees did a search of other stores and there was only 1 chair and it was in Washington so that wouldn't work. We gave the employee our phone number and left disappointed because we thought it was a lost cause and these chairs were merely unicorns. Fast forward 3 weeks and the phone rings and it's a manager from the store telling us they located two chairs and wondered if we were still interested. We were and they had the chairs shipped in to their store and sold them to us at the sale price! Not only that but they took another 10% off for opening a store credit card which I don't normally do but it knocked another $60 off the bottom line. We got the chairs the day before Thanksgiving and they are perfect.....Im still impressed that the employees took the time to listen to us, search for the chairs, find them and call us. Great job to the Pier One team!!!
Heavenly! After hearing and reading about the Farm at South Mountain, my husband and I were definitely excited about trying Quiessence (the upscale wine bar/restaurant located on the property) and The Farm Kitchen (the casual lunch place also on the property), but decided that we would try Morning Glory Cafe for breakfast first. Good, quality breakfast is hard to come by in the South Mountain area, so we figured starting there in the Farm trifecta would make the most sense (and be the most rewarding). We definitely weren't disappointed! We walked up to the outdoor seating area and selected a table (please note that if you pull in from 32nd Street, Morning Glory Cafe and Quiessence are down the long path on the side of the property away from 32nd, while the Farm Kitchen is immediately to your right when you pull in). The server directed us to the beverage station, where we had some slightly-watery lemonade and some *really* good coffee. It was rich and flavorful without being acidic. Our food came very promptly (do note, however, that we came on a weekday morning - I imagine the wait is longer on weekends and holidays) - my husband had the chicken enchiladas topped with eggs, and I had the Monte Cristo. We both agreed that the enchiladas were delicious - the chicken was really savory, the sauce tasted very authentic, and the eggs were the perfect complement - but the real standout was the Monte Cristo (ham and swiss cheese between two slice of French toast). The ham was crispy, the cheese tasted so fresh and light, and the bread was thick and as homemade as you can get. The maple syrup also tasted high-quality. The combination of the salty and sweet was unbeatable. Both of our entrees were in the $10-$12 range, and the price included the unlimited coffee, lemonade, water, and tea from the beverage station. This place has delicious breakfast and atmosphere for great prices and is definitely worth trying. Please note that it (along with the Farm Kitchen but *not* Quiessence will be closed from June 2nd to September).
The best brunch or breakfast I've had in Phoenix. The eggs benedict was perfect, and all of the six people I was with liked their meals. The atmosphere was good, the coffee was good, the service was good. Admittedly, it was cool and overcast, and I wouldn't want to sit outside if it were 100 degrees outside. But other than that, I anticipate many, many trips here in the future!
They had us the moment we drove up the bark chipped driveway, through the arbor, and up to the patio with red checked table cloths. the day before, we had breakfast at La Grande Orange, and my husband was sure I couldn't top that experience...but Yelp did not disappoint!! I had the Monte Cristo....slow roasted Black Forest Ham, thinly sliced, and served with an egg-over (had mine over hard...it's a yolk thing) with swiss cheese and sandwiched between brioche french toast....delightful! Hubs had a sausage omelet with veggies and hash browns.... To speak to the prices...I honestly don't think that paying $10-$11 per breakfast entree is exorbitant. Especially when you realize that they are serving food made from mostly organic, and all premium sources.There is a price involved when a restaurant stays true to a seasonable and sustainable food source, and I'm willing to pay a few bucks extra for "slow food" vs. fast. the $9 Bloodies were a bit steep, but by the time I had mine plus half of my husbands, I was as happy as can be:) Warning: only visit the Morning Glory Cafe when you have time to relax and enjoy....uptight people need not attend...be prepared to stroll through the Artist's Studio and Maya's Farm....we stayed so long we almost went to lunch at the Farm Kitchen! We look forward to coming back for dinner at Quinessence next time we visit Phoenix. Big love to Wayne Smith for creating such a delightful venue!!
Wonderful breakfast! Love the monte cristo, the breakfast enchiladas and the eggs benedict.
I have farm envy. This is the most perfect location I've found to date. Upon driving down the lane you see one quaint restaurant with a bunch of picnic tables, an event and wedding party area and a photography studio. Continuing down the dirt lane there are plots for different fresh produce, cacti, and ultimately two more restaurants. Morning Glory is so cute. Self serve drinks, all outdoor seating and a casual, fresh-aired, relaxing environment. We got seated immediately before the church rush, grabbed hot coffee and soaked up the morning sun. I ordered their farm omelette after battling and eyeing up the brioche French toast. The omelette had broccoli, cauliflower, carrots, spinach and cheese covered with fresh tomato salsa. The salsa had a nice spicy after taste and the omelette was so thick and well made. Their biscuits are flaky, buttery and delicious with a slice of grapefruit to add a little tang. This also Come with seasoned breakfast potatoes. My brunch date got the "pork is the new black" omelette and was on food cloud nine with the sausage gravy over the top. Everyone should check this little spot out. Have a picnic. Drink a mimosa. Buy a cacti. Support local!
Love this place for a variety of reasons and would go here for just about any occasion... Have spent Mother's day here @ Morning Glory (not separate buffet) for a few years and like to take friends here when in town or when we want a relaxed, filling, outdoors brunch. Great service and scenery! I would like to say all food is good but I can't pry myself away from the Monte Cristo French Toast to try anything else-- delish! Highly recommend.
Probably the best pharmacy experience I've ever had. No hassles, very helpful & so efficient & quick! I didn't have my insurance card & I told them I would run out & get it. The person at the desk took my prescriptions, gave me their business card & told me that they would start a profile on me & suggested I called when I had my insurance info & they would immediately process my order. When I called they said they'd be ready in 10 minutes & I'm pretty sure they were done in less than that, because when I got there they were waiting on me, lol. Isn't that nice for a change?! Just in case you do end up waiting, there do have some basic chairs in the pharmacy, but you can also walk to the cafe that's nearby in the same building. Or if you're feeling adventurous you can cross the street and mozy on into the Estrella Hospital gift shop :)
I tripped and severely broke my right upper arm and also my right hip. I originally thought I could do my own physical therapy, but soon found out I was hurt too bad, and needed help. My "trip" was life changing, it's been 4months and I'm STILL healing! But fate or God sent me to Spooner PT and assigned Matt as my PT man. I had my reservations about therapy, but Matt changed my mind. Always upbeat and pleasant but also always willing to put the necessary "hurt" on me. I haven't seen anyone cry as much as I did/still do, but the manipulation works. No matter how much it hurts (and pain is NOT my friend). I may shed tears and even sob, but I don't complain, as Matt has made a tremendous improvement on my mobility. All of the techs have ALWAYS been friendly, thoughtful and helpful. The desk staff ladies also are ALWAYS friendly and efficient. I know that if I didn't do my part, my progress wouldn't be where it is now. Matt Shuey, physical therapist is the best in my book! He may smile as I shed tears, but I'd have him work on me any day! Thank you Matt and the rest off the staff at 40h St in Chandler!
Drs. Rachael and Bryan are friendly and professional. We've been going to them for several years. They never try to push you into things you don't need like many other profit driven dentists. No dental hygenists or assistants needed. They do it all. Their offices are clean and modern and centrally located. Nancy the receptionist is a delight. Don't have to wait long for appts. No Saturday hours, though.
I would not survive without Channel 8. i really don't watch much TV, but when I do, I want it to count. Let me see: Keeping Up Appearances, Coupling, RedDwarf, Antiques Roadshow, NewsHour, Nova, This Old House, Dr. Wayne Dyer, Frontline, Horizon, Scientific American Frontiers, The War, As Time Goes By, Red Green. Plus, tons of responsible programming for kids in the am and afternoon. (I don't think RedDwarf and Coupling air on PBS anymore - but thanks to PBS for introducing me)
Katie, employee from heaven, is wonderful and will take care of you. About to begin my Mystic Tan experience with her. I'll keep you posted ;)
Looking for a fast place to have a Chinese meal, I found The Wok Express on the Internet and decided to try it out. My husband met me for lunch and off we went. We were greeted immediately as we entered the clean, well lit dining room the was very modern in design. I ordered the lettuce wraps and my husband ordered Kung Pao Chicken. I loved the fact that you could order by level of hotness (1-10) since we live spicy food! Our food arrived hot and fresh within a couple of minutes and I was first surprised at the amount of food that they brought out for just a lunch entree'! The lettuce wraps were excellent and the Kung Pao chicken was awesome with large pieces of white meat chicken. The hotness level was PERFECT! All - in - all, this is our new favorite Chinese food place! We LOVE it!
oh yeah, uh huh, uh huh...visualize peeps: Its the happy dance! You freakin' yelpers made me look like a rock star for picking this place for a lunch meeting. I said, uh, no Stingray, lets go HERE. It was a pleasure. We ordered sashimi, spicy tuna, shrimp tempura, yellow tail and volcano rolls. It was all good and very fresh. We especially enjoyed the volcano and at the end of our meal, our server suggested the dynamite roll for a return visit. We were still hungry and stoked so we ordered it right then. It was amazing and delicious. For our lunch the service was spot on and really friendly. I totally enjoyed the sushi chef and helper thanking us for coming in. I can't think of anything that would have improved the experience. YAY!
I know this is a Japanese restaurant, but get the steak here! It is amazing!!! Hands down my go to place for my steak fix :9 Their sushi rolls are also very well made and the staff is very friendly :)
Awesome suhsi zone.I am a Sushi novice who has picked up the temptation in the last year or so,but from whatever places I have tried in the phoenix area,this place wins handsdown. The place isnt huge and owing to the popularity it will be filled up most of the time.The servers are friendly and the sushi tastes fresh.I loved some of their spicy rolls- I think one of them was Volcano Roll. Will be back for more.
I had a craving for sushi and a friend who wanted to try this place because a friend of his is a chef here. It was the perfect combination! Since it was a Friday night I suggested we get there early-ish to try and get a table quickly so we arrived around 5:30. The place is pretty small so most of the tables were full but we managed to get seated right away. My friend decided that he was going to order everything so I knew dinner was definitely not going to be some Philly rolls and fried rice. We started out with seaweed salad which I actually really liked. The flavor was really good with the sesame seeds and some lemon. Next was the sushi, we had the Alaskan roll, Spicy Tuna, Volcano roll and some Sea Bass nigiri. The Alaskan and Spicy Tuna were good, the Volcano roll was awesome with it's spicy sauce nicely crusted on top and the Sea Bass was simple and delicious. After that it was time for me to try Oysters for the first time. Personally I wasn't a big fan but that has nothing to do with Hana and everything to do with just my personal preference. I could tell the quality was good and they didn't taste gross, I just discovered that Oysters aren't my thing. Now at this point we were pretty full but the chef my friend knew walked by and told him to get the Razor Clams and/or the Tako Karaage. Neither of us knew what the second one was so we asked and discovered it was fried octopus head. As soon as he told us that I knew that's what my friend was going to order. I'll admit I was a little nervous because I was picturing something with eyeballs coming out onto the table. Luckily when they brought it to the table it was cut into strips so it looked completely harmless. We drizzled some lemon over it, took a deep breath and took a bite. After about 2 seconds we looked at each other in amazement because it was DELICIOUS!!! I'm talking so good my mouth is watering just remembering it right now. Octopus has a tendency to get chewy but this had a texture like steak! The flavor of it was amazing as well. The lemon juice gave it just the right balance of citrus and whatever they marinated it in before frying it was perfect. Definitely the highlight of the meal. For desert we asked the waitress for her recommendation and she suggested the Hana An Mitsu which is aloe vera with fruit and red bean paste. I wasn't quite sure about eating aloe vera as I associate it with putting it on my skin for a sun burn but we decided to continue our adventure of trying new things and get it. It came out almost like a soup, there were big chunks of the aloe, a couple strawberries, some mandarin oranges and the chunky red bean paste all in a liquid of some kind. Neither of us were really big fans, the aloe chunks were just too big and overpowered the rest of it. Overall though the meal was one of the best I've had. The quality and flavors of the food was excellent.
I will always base my opinion of a sushi restaurant according to the freshness and taste of the saba mackerel sushi. Theirs is DIVINE. I mean, it was melting in my mouth. Sometimes you forget how REALLY fresh fish tastes because you live in the desert. Hana will remind you. It's pricier than some other places, but their menu is extensive and their specials are always changing. Expect about $20-30+ a person, unless you order off the lunch/dinner menu only... but why go to a sushi bar without ordering said specialty.
Don't even bother reading any more reviews. Get in your car right now and go! This place is phenomenal. I have lived by the beach my whole life, starting with a Russian fishing town and ending with San Diego. I never thought that I would find the freshest, melt-in-your-mouth sashimi in a strip mall in Phoenix. I know fish. This is good fish. Also, try their tempura veggies and shrimp. Best I ever had. The atmosphere is awesome, everyone is just in a good mood...because they are having the best sushi Phoenix has to offer.
Hana has us coming back for fresh fish (we order mostly sashimi). They have fantastic yellowtail sashimi. Always. Never not fresh. We love their uni shooters, the rainbow carpaccio is a must as well! This is a family operation and we love that, they are always friendly and remember repeat customers. They get really busy at times, but we think it's totally worth the wait. Also, Hana is BYOB, that's the icing on this cake!!! Their cooked food is amazing as well! They have authentic Japanese dishes and you can always ask for something that's not on the menu. If they could only open another location at Tatum and Shea ;-)
Great hipster bar/club. Awesome vibes and music, especially friday nights.
Lupita and tawny are excellent servers . Make sure you ask for them during the weekends. The gm joe wood has invaluable employees in those two
After two years in Phoenix, I finally got a hair cut and color that I loved!!! I hate paying so much for a cut and color only to come out hating it... My experience was totally different. I loved the trendy unique feel of the salon, it's clean, and friendly and overall everything I wanted. Damien was just Brilliant with my color and haircut. He gave me exactly what I needed and wanted. Wonderful experience. Thank you Snap Dragon.
Kandy and the Snapdragon crew have been taking care of me for at least 5-years and I couldn't be happier. The salon features modern design elements and is very clean. The staff are always very friendly and appointments are on-time. My hair looks great, what else can I say? BOTTOM LINE: Definitely a cut-above the rest!
Well, a long time ago I signed up on snap dragon's website to be a hair model should they ever need one because I'm a student and on a budget at times. They called me months later because they needed a bob model, which I was totally down for. (it was free! :) I felt comfortable as soon as I walked in to this place. The decor is like eastern carved wood and naturey (is that a word?) Stephen, one of their seasoned stylists cut my hair while Ana watched and followed on the other side of my head. Ana is soooooo sweet! She has a great personality and is easy to have conversation with. And Stephen was very entertaining and joked around alot, and you can tell he is very precise in his technique :) The cut was great and exactley what I asked for. What a fabulous place! I love my lady who cuts my hair now at my usual salon , but am entertaining the idea of trying out Kandy for highlights because she was voted AZ's best colorist in ALLURE magazine.....
i met with Jordana at snapdragon as i have known her for 6 years now but this is first time she has cut my hair. i had long hair for almost 25 years and decided to cut it off for a new job opportunity. i gave my hair into the highly capable hands of Jordana and she worked wonders. she gave me ideas on what i could do and how to style it. im super happy with what she did with it and i will definitely be back in 4 or 5 weeks to get it cleaned up and she has definitely earned a new life long customer.
Got my hair cut and colored by Eddie and I absolutely love it! My hair not only looked great but it smelled great too! I received the seal of approval from my husband and mom (who is a hard woman to please.) The salon is quaint and the staff friendly, so happy I finally found a great hairdresser and salon.
Jenny is a miracle worker!!!!! I had a very bad color done at another salon. I didn't know how much she would be able to fix it. She stayed late n made sure I left happy. Best color I have ever had done!! See Jenny for your color it will be the best decision you could ever make for your hair!!!
I came to the Snapdragon Salon after my former hairstylist (who has done my hair since I was 15) announced she would no longer be doing hair. I read the rave reviews on Yelp and from my co-worker and after a lot of hesitation decided to dive in. Michaela was my hairstylist and she seriously saved my hair. She took my static and broken blonde hair with grown out roots and gave me a gorgeous subtle ombre. The owner checked in a few times throughout my appointment to make sure everything was going all right. Michaela explained everything she was going to do and I felt very at ease. She gave me an amazing haircut and styled my hair into gorgeous waves. I have NEVER loved my hair that much leaving the salon. The salon is very welcoming and beautiful. Everyone seemed friendly and approachable. You can tell the owner truly cares about the work the stylists produce and the salon. I also got a discount for my first appointment. Bonus points for the delicious cookies and coffee they offer for free. If you're thinking about trying Snapdragon -- just do it. You won't regret it.
As a girl with curly hair I've had some bad haircuts, some mediocre ones, and a couple good ones. This haircut was my first fantastic haircut. I love it so much! Ana cut my hair, she was super cool and personable and really took the time (over an hour) to get it right. She encouraged me to incorporate my previously-straightened-everyday bangs into the rest of my hair and wear them curly. Turns out it's much more flattering and more professional looking. Everyone at the salon is very nice and the salon itself is gorgeous. I will definitely be back!
I cannot get enough of Paris Envy! It's the cutest little shop along 7th Avenue. Laurie, the owner, is the sweetest gal and you can tell she loves what she does. This boutique is the perfect place to find a unique gift, something pretty for your home or handmade jewelry. Over the years I've purchased: silk throw pillows, earrings, a beautiful custom angel wing wall hanging (Laurie's business partner makes most of the furniture and other home decor), candles, multiple gifts, and on and on. Stop by when you're in the area...you won't regret it!
WOW! Great owner, terrific ambiance, a range of unique items with a broad price range. Check it out!
This place is sooooooo awesome!!!! I eat here at least once a week. The staff is friendly and the environment is awesome. If you don't know what to get they always recommend something good. lately I've been getting the lamb Kabob.
Fantastic authentic middle eastern food. Try the whole wheat Pita bread. I had the lamb kebab with tabouli. Delicious! Try the lemonade as well. I would highly recommend this place to my friends and family.
The schwarma is delicious, it's almost as good as what I had when I lived in the Middle East, and the hot sauce is very flavorful, without being so hot that it's inedible. I always take home a package of their fresh pita, which is better than any I've had locally, and their baba ganoush. They also have an excellent, if small, selection of fresh, frozen and packaged foods; I usually buy the labne.
A great neighborhood restaurant with quality food, nice atmosphere, and no attitude. I love to support independent, non-chain restaurants and when Sala Thai opened up in my neighborhood, I was very excited. I've eaten there over 10 times so far. It's a great place to introduce Thai food "newbies" because the food is great and the menu has lots of photos of the entrees. No complaints about the food. And reasonably priced too. Appetizers worth sampling: spring rolls, chicken satay, and tofu Entrees worth trying: pad thai, pad see-u, curry dishes I saw a complaint here about the time it took to receive their food. The restaurant features a glass wall looking into the kitchen. They make all of their entrees to order; that's why it takes longer. I will gladly wait another 10 minutes knowing I'm getting freshly prepared food. One final note: the restaurant is getting popular so watch out for a full restaurant during on-peak hours. Dinner service starts at 5pm and I've seen it fill up by 5:30pm on weekends.
I have gone back and tried the curry on multiple occaisions. The Masuman curry is the best I have ever had. The red curry when ordered spicy is flavorful and brings the heat. The Thai fried rice is good too.
We finally had dinner at basis on Tuesday night and we were very pleased. The only regret is that we did not go there sooner. We have lived in the area for 4 years and feel like we have missed out on many a delicious dinners! I had the special, it was salmon and my husband had the beef medallions. They were excellent; no leftovers, unfortunately to take home. We had to have dessert; creme brulee and ice cream with carmel sauce. Did I mention the half off glasses of wine? They have the deal on both Monday and Tuesday. We were thrilled to have dined at such a simple, delicious, welcoming establishment and we look forward to getting back there again very soon.
Jeff and I drove to Basis last night, July 5th. Our most recent attempt was a Sunday night and we were greeted by a notice that said they would not be opening Sundays in the summer. Total bummer. Last night we found the parking lot empty and the space completely bare of any fixtures or signs of restaurant life. Alas, Basis is closed. Owner Steve Short wrote a thoughtful piece regarding the decision and its available here: http://www.atlastacatering.com/Basis_New_American.html We are so sad to see them go; it was for us, a place of welcome and frequently celebration. Delightful food and wine in an atmosphere that was completely down to earth and as Steve says, unpretentious.
This is by far our favorite location in The Valley. It's not congested like other locations, I don't have to fight for standing room in front of the soda machine, I don't have to pump elbows with someone getting a drink while I'm trying to fatten up with ice cream. I don't have to wait for some unsupervised kid to get soup while spilling it all over the place. The soup is it's own little island so you can get it from both sides, the bowls are spaced out in front of the soup for easy access. It's laid out correctly and I wish the other ones would follow suite. The staff is always nice. I get to seat myself rather than have someone put me at a table I don't want. All around, we have no complaints about this location. Two Thumbs Up!
It was a very good meal. Everything was excellent. Service was excellent. Very friendly and helpful.
Just a quick update... Bertha's was unable to renew their lease and will be shut down for a month or two while they move to a new location. I think they are supposed to relocate by the end of June somewhere near Indian School and 32nd St, so just make sure to call before "popping in" (I heard a new cafe may be going in at Bertha's current location).
Great sandwiches. Roast beef with blue cheese, Havarti and asparagus and chicken pesto were awesome. Peanut butter chocalate brownie was great too. This was the best sandwich I have ever ordered anywhere. Order at the counter and they bring it out to you. Small place with about 10 tables inside and some seating outside.
Great food, great portions, great prices.
Best Lunch in town. There prices are great, and everything is fresh. I enjoy the staff. Always friendly. I find myself going there a lot since I work next door. If your coming for lunch you might want to call in your order if your pressed for time. Every one should try this great little place. I enjoy the vegiterian soups she has. 5 stars.
You can't go wrong with Bertha's. Just go! Get anything. It's all good! :)
LOVE berthas!! We don't live close but we come from south chandler to enjoy a awesome sandwich and wonderful treat! love the asparagus veg sandwich and turkey. All the sweets are amazing...and we have tried a lot!!
Oh succulent pork torta, how I love thee. And how I especially love thee when I buy you from El Guero.
I must have a hard time reviewing places that are less than five-stars, so here is another hidden gem of the valley! This place is another hole-in-the-wall establishment brought my way via Yelp. The torta el pastor was phonomenal! They have a huge salsa bar with this green concoxion that looks like it would be avacado something, but it's totally spicy as wasabi. I dream of stuff this spicy: I completely drowned my torta in this. My friend and I were the only people here minus a younger couple behind the counter, and an elderly couple who made the food. My friend who came with and was as blown away as I was. Such a great little establishment in close proximity to downtown; I'll be back.
Not much to say here, except that, in a town full of mexican restaurants (some good, many mediocre), these are the best tortas. And the family who manages it couldn't be nicer every time I go there. I always recommend this place...I've even taken business clients there, even though it's a order-at-the-counter type of restaurant.
I adopted my dog from here (via a PetSmart in the north valley) about 11 years ago. She is doing great. I regularly donate to the AZ Humane Society annually (among other non profit shelters). I love their pet telethon each year. A great way to promote pet adoption for sure. Keep up the great work volunteers and staff!
Alexi's is somewhere between Greek and Italian, closer to the latter. No matter - each entree is outstanding in its own right. Last time in the desert cannelloni was spicy and delicious - and totally hopped up on chile peppers. The salmon salad - magnificent - and perfectly cooked. The food is excellent AND it's a great place to hob-nob. The area has a loyal clientele of movers and shakers. Alexi's is highly recommended in midtown - one of the best places especially for lunch in Phoenix.
Alexis has two very nice ladies for Hostesses. Lola and Channelle - they greet everyone and make you feel like a VIP!
No one had a fluorescent light bulb for our store and they did. Thx you saved me from ordering online.
My wife found this place a few months back... she was just looking for a decent tanning salon close to our house in downtown phoenix... She mentioned to me that it had a small gym connected, and that I should look into a membership there since I was between gyms. Finally, months later we decided to check it out together.... what she originally thought was a "small" gym, turned out to be a rather large gym, equipped with updated weight machines, benches, free weights, treadmills, etc! And the price CANNOT BE BEAT!! It's a no brainer! Plus we get 50% off tanning as gym members! Which comes in handy for evening out that nasty tan line....
Half off tanning on the weekends!? Yes please and thank you. The guy who helped us was so friendly and took his time to explain all the beds and his experiences with them. I appreciated it very much. Nice clean tanning salon.
I love Papa Murphy's! Love the fresh ingredients, love the super friendly people who work there, love the pizza! You can't beat the price of their pizza - yes you do have to take it home and cook it. It's as easy as turning on the oven. And you get fresh, delicious pizza at a great price. They always have coupons available, and the coupons never expire. I also love their cookie dough. The cinnamon wheel is ok. My favorite pizzas - Perfect, Veggie, and Chicken and Bacon stuffed. I think I eat at Papa Murphy's once a week. Hooray for great pizza!
We stopped by Switch last weekend for lunch, we'd previously tried Fez and Ticoz and enjoyed both. So we had high expectations for Switch, luckily they didn't dissapoint. I ordered the Murano Chicken and Prosciutto, normally I'm not a huge fan of cold sandwiches, when there's a perfectly good hot alternative, but I'm willing to make an exception. The sandwich doesn't look like a threat at first glance, but I must admit I struggled to finish it, I'm also a big fan of Olives and found many of their menu items make good use of this neglected vegetable. The waiter gave us a caraffe which actually worked out really well and never found our drinks going empty. The atmosphere was very eclectic and this seems like it would be a fun night spot too. Hope to come back soon and try a Caiphirina (I probably misspelled that)
Came here last night for dinner and had a blast. The bartender makes a great dirty martini and their sangria is a lighter drink when you aren't looking to get wasted during a casual dinner. I had the super chop salad and it was delicious! I loved the sun dried tomatoes, artichoke hearts, white beans, sunflower seeds, and it keeps going from there! The only thing was in the end I wanted less salad and more veggies. My friends had the mac and cheese and the burger. They devoured theirs in seconds so I can only assume it tasted good. And lastly, their dessert is amazing! My friend ordered the banana bread pudding and it was huge! It took all three of us to finish it. Great place! Definitely coming back for to explore their menu a little more.
I just had dinner at Switch, introducing my boyfriend to the place. I've been here multiple times but this time it's worth writing home to mom about :) My boyfriend and I shared the lobster & crab puffs and the apricot bbq chicken skewers. He loved the lobster & crab puffs, which are my favorite. The spicy sauce that comes along with it, I can't have enough of on the puffs, very nice. The little cucumber salad that comes along with the chicken skewers compliments the chicken very well. I always get my favorite, the sangria salad. The dressing is amazing! And maybe it's just me, but they put right amount of goat cheese in the salad. My boyfriend had the Eastport lobster roll and he said it's best he had in a while. The service was good. The server was attentive from far away, he didn't come up to our table to check up on us but knew when we needed refills on our drinks and to clear plates. The only thing I don't understand is the music. If it was a busy Friday and Saturday night I'd understand the dance music but Sunday night? I'm not much of a breakfast person, but Switch makes me want to try their brunch special.
After visiting this place so many times, I got tired of it for a couple of reasons. First one was that I would take vendors here, or coworkers from work and after the meal they always made some comments about the waiters and waitresses. Seeing waiters with their bare chest hanging out, fishnet tops and such were just a little too out there for some. I started to get questions from vendors/coworkers if they were going to get hit on or rubbed up against or if lapdances were going to be involved. Then they started questioning my sexuality! So a long break was needed. I am pleased to say the last two times I have been there for lunch its actually gotten a lot better. Its definately been toned down a lot which I am happy so I can get my free meals out my vendors again here =) Although some wont go back there just because of their own insecurities and fears I think. Still love their food, and think its some of the best in town. Have yet to go for dinner...
THE BEST FOOD EVER! Every time I've been here I try something new and its all amazing! 5 Stars all around for everything!
Finally made it to Switch! The sangria is a must, and the flavors of the Amsterdam Pasta are so well-developed!
So, there is a strong possibility that I am in love! This place is great! I walked in thinking that I was just going to have a couple of drinks, but when I saw that they had an individual starter and sides section in the menu I got excited! So that means that I can try several different items without completely breaking the bank? I started with the sun dried tomato risotto. OMG...loved it! Will go back for that. I was actually full after that, but indulged and ordered another one! I also ordered that and the mac and cheese too! The mac and cheese was good, but I really wanted to lick my bowl after the risotto. My husband ordered the Switch burger that was recommended by our wonderful server. Delicious! It's at the top of my list for best burgers! They have a great happy hour with certain drinks at less than $4 and an appetizer option for a discounted price. Our server Josh was great and the ambiance was contemporary too. I will be bringing my friends here!
Switch has been my favorite restaurant for every and any meal since 2008 when I moved to Phoenix. Always have the best service (LOVE YOU DUSTY!) and the food has never been anything less than exceedingly delicious. It also is not expensive. My menu favorites include the jalapeno and bacon clams (the bread is unreal), BLT sandwich, turkey and brie gallette and pretty much any of their weekend brunch specials. My only suggestion is that they start serving brunch 7 days a week!
Perfect! Delicious meal, appetizer and desert. Relaxing atmosphere. Olympic gold.
Great food and great staff, had a blast.
Another grreeeaatttt spot for HH in downtown Phx area! First and foremost, this place truly is challenging to find; I drove by and still second-guessed myself in the back parking lot that the sign read "Switch" at the top of bldg.! Once you do find it, I think you'll be pleased. Ambience is hip-cat and lots of blue lighting/blue accessories - very nice! I had the black-n-blue berry Italian Soda off of their HH drink menu for $4! So refreshing! You'll find it garnished w/a fat blackberry on top of cocktail w/a nice blueberry layer resting at the bottom for a nice treat after you wet your whistle! Thumbs up here! I tried their Hummus/Pita app and LOVED it! Great job! Plus, my 2 coworkers were quite happy when I checked in on Yelp last night and scored us $10 off total bill of $50 or more. So, by dining here, I think I helped my career as well. Ha ha!
The food here is great, I've never had anything that I didn't like. My favorites are the: Lobster and crab puffs Switch burger Breakfast gallette Come in on the weekends for their breakfast; they have $3 bloody mary carafes. The service can be a little slow sometimes but it's worth the wait for the food.
I'm violating my "don't review after just one visit" rule. It was THAT amazing. The five stars is flat out for the food. Although the service was excellent as well. We sat on the patio and it was a casual dining experience. There were six of us. We shared entrees and had two appetizers. We ordered lamb lettuce wraps, lobster puffs, pork verde, Amsterdam pasta, mac n cheese with lobster, and a special seafood bake. Every single thing was perfection. Melt in your mouth perfection. The table was a bevvy of ooohs and awwws and "I'm so glad Durant's was closed" (which is where we'd planned on going originally). I read all the food blogs and "best of..." restaurants and hadn't heard about Switch. Which kind of pisses me off. It's A.M.A.Z.I.N.G
There is honestly not a single, solitary thing I can think of that I dislike about Palatte so Instead I will list what I adore: I love the story of the building and the Cavness House itself. I love the passion & vision of the owners. I love that it can let you feel carefree and a little self-indulgent for a couple hours. I love the outdoor seating and the billowy curtains. I really love the bathrooms--a lot. I love that they have switched to waiter service. I love the big picnic table for groups or stragglers. I crave the sweet potato pancakes & I would bathe in the banana porridge. I have pretty much had it all.. and like I said... wonderful, delicious & blissful every bite.
We have used this cleaner for several years and have always been happy with how our clothes turn out. Great pride and care are taken and it is evident. Service is top notch and the turnaround is very quick. They also do alterations, and I can say the same about that as I have above about the dry cleaning.
Really great dry cleaning company! I've had a couple things dry cleaned here, specifically with stains, and each time it was returned perfectly clean! Really great staff as well. I highly recommend this place!
Stop what you're doing right now and get your ass over to Spoken. I don't care that you're at work. 98% of this gorgeous little boutique is 50% off, now MOVE MOVE MOVE!!! Okay, now that we've gotten that out of the way, I'll let you in on a little secret. I have bought every single "special occasion dress" as I like to call them over the last 5 months there. A big first date dress, 2 birthday dresses (yes, I dig an outfit change,) a theater cocktail dress, literally, you name it, Spoken's got it and I've bought it. Spoken has two very kick ass things going for it. For starters, they have clothes for every budget. What I mean by that, is if you want to spend $300-$400 on a dress, you can, and it'll be gorgeous. That said, you can also spend under $100 on a dress and it will be just as gorgeous. **Note, with the sale going on right now, go get your True Religions, your Citizens of Humanity and a million other top tier designers for lower prices than I've ever seen. The other thing that sets Spoken apart from other boutiques I shop at is the store owner Amber. When I say homegirl knows what she's doing, I mean homegirl is on point!! She's fantastic. Let's me roam around the store picking things out myself, but by the time I get into the dressing room, she has an entire additional stack of clothes that she has selected just for me. And guess which stack I end up buying, yup, the one she picked out. She's got an eye for style and body type like I have never seen. Things that hanging on the rack I never in a million years would have grabbed for myself, are now some of my favorite and best-fitting dresses/tops etc. And I'd also like to mention that if it doesn't fit/look right, she'll tell you before you can even get both feet out of the dressing room. All in all Spoken is a GREAT local business run by a knowledgeable and helpful fashionista. Such cute stuff and only a handful of each garment so you don't have to worry about running into 75 people around town all wearing your same outfit, which whatever, call me a snot, I FUCKING HATE!! And yes, you can bet your ass if you see me running around Yelp in Bloom tonight, I will be in yet another of Amber's fabulous hand-picked pieces.
I was utterly shocked to see Carmellas rated on Yelp with anything less than 4 stars. This place serves absolutely authentic homemade Italian dishes at their finest. My wife and I have been going here for a little over a year and I am continually blown away. Definitely on my 'short list' when eating out. Just finishing leftovers of the penne arrabiata. Scrumtulescent. Forget Papa Johns or Dominos and try their pizza next time you're in the mood. It's superb. I have no idea how someone could conceivably think this place had canned pasta sauce. Their sauce is so uniquely fresh and delicious. A rival restaurant review perhaps? If you love Italian, you should really check this place out. Mike and his family will treat you right!
I love this place, so stay away. It's probably Phoenix's best effort at a NY or LA hipster dance den. It's in an abandoned strip mall, and is divey, dumpy, gross, but hip, cooler than thou, and sneeringly ironic in a way that befits its clientele. I mean nowhere else can you find a more fun crowd, lit-up Saturday Night Fever dancefloor, chewed-the-hell-up naugahyde furniture, scary bathrooms, and checkerboard tile walls straight out of a David Lynch film. Each night offers it's own DJs and theme night - everything ranging from Electrostatic, to 90s night to 70s soul and hip hop. Faux Show Fridays are the best. Music here is cutting edge - with a few East Coast electro musicians stopping by here to perform. The club is tiny and rough around the edges. Drinks are served in plastic cups, but are dirt cheap and potent as hell. I can't seem to go here without getting crazy trashed. One time a DJ went to get me a free rum and coke and came back with 151 and coke. Damn, alright! People here come from all walks of life (but it skews similar to the crowd at Rogue) - the aforementioned hipsters, literatis, indies, Downtowners, Tempe folk, skanks, hos, freaks, burnouts, gays, straights, bi's, fashionistas, wannabe jogging suit fanatics, some lost truckers, and other sordid but fun characters. People watching is almost as good as the Scottsdale clubs, but at least the crowd is more fun and dressed in edgier late-80s inspired duds. I mean one time, I was Blotto out of my mind on the kick-ass dancefloor and spotted some chick getting with some random dude in a Lucha Libre mask. God I love this place, did I mention that?
Ok, I have to step up. I have known about this place for a long time and have been quite the regular. So reviewing this place is like reviewing your best friends house-kinda weird and completely biased. I understand if you don't like it. I really do. If you don't like it, you really don't want to come back. Because it is more of the same. And that is why I like it. Because it is consistent. I love the guys who rock the music, I love the bartenders, I love everyone who hangs out at the door, I like dancing on the filthy disco floors, I COULD live without the bathroom. I mean, I know its a tiny lil place and it doesn't have something for everyone. But whatever it is, it is EXACTLY what I want: A psuedo-queer, fabulous dance party with cheap strong drinks, friendly people, and little cover. Also-while Faux Show is always great, they have other nights here that are worth checking out, esp. Saturday nights which have no cover.
friday night is the night to visit glam. Those faux show boy's really know how to throw a party. If you didnt like Glam you either were'nt there on a friday, you left too early on a friday night, or maybe you caught them on a bad night(it happens to any dj), OR, you are part of the "general market" and should stay in Scottsdale. faux show brings it. they play music there that I NEVER hear played in any of the other so-called"hipster" or "electro/rock" dance party nights. They catch on to that stuff way before the other guy's in town...and when we are lucky, they even bring the acts themselves to phoenix....guarantee'd if these guy's are bringing somebody to town, it is worth the time to check it out...even if you think its not the kind of music you are into. I have heard them play some f^ck*d up shit on friday nights...styles of music i have'nt even heard before. The other hipster nights of the week, , even the above mentioned "french kiss", pale in comparison to the element of class, style and taste that these guy's bring to the party. An above reviewer mentioned their rival night "french kiss" as having thinned out fauxShow's friday night crowd and I can tell you first hand that that simply isn't true. I bounce back and forth from both nights frequently, and aside from "french kiss's" opening night people have consistently rocked the fauxShow party on a weekly basis. I dont know very many people who dont consider friday nights at glam the better deal. french kiss @homme is a mediocre facsimile of fauxShow's friday night....I hear those fk dj's play a lot of the same music fs was playing months before and have since retired. I even remember the guest dj's(the misshapes) at french kiss ditching the night to come pley at faux show instead. Sure its a small place and there are not many places to sit...this just means that you are forced to be a part of the action....and there isnt a patio but I have seen some crazy stuff go on in front of that place. Hot girls all over the place too...unless its an off night....and the hot girls that you actually want to talk to too, not just some bag of air with a nice rack; and if your a dude into dudes or a chick into chicks, its not a bad place to be either. Drinks are cheap all night long and they dont shut down until everyone on the dance floor cant take it anymore. this sort of thing isnt for everyone...but if there is any cultured, underground, "cool" ,"it" or "hip" thing in Phoenix to do, this is it. This is one of those things that people will wish that had been a part of from the beginning...like wishing you had made better friends with those Jimmy Eat World brats you went to school with or something.
The other reviewers aren't lying: this place is truly an easily overlooked gem in the Phoenix area. It's certainly not much to look at on the outside, but as soon as you walk in, you can smell how good the food is going to be. Truth be told, the head chef caught me sniffing the air when I arrived, and laughed a little when he saw the big grin split my face. The menu is expansive. There are pizza, sandwiches, calzones, seafood, and various pasta dishes. I had the pasta Giovanni, a combination of sausage, chicken, and mushrooms with a tomato cream sauce. Full and flavorful, as well as perfectly presented, I had a hard time not just devouring the whole thing. My friend had the linguine special with sun-dried tomatoes and spinach with olive oil. It was a far more subtle dish, but no less wonderfully composed. The dish was not overly oiled and spinach tasted delightfully fresh, always a plus with spinach (the frozen stuff sucks). As we started to slow a little, the chef came over with a plate of bread pudding for us to try. Now, I'm not a desert person normally, but this was wonderful. Far more savory that just sweet, light and fluffy. A perfect final bite to end a wonderful meal. It even turned out our server was one of the owners, and she told us a little bit about the place. Throughout, she was very attentive to us and in no way overbearing. Overall, this is a fantastic dining experience all around. One of my best so far in Phoenix.
Time Square is a surprising hidden gem in North Phoenix. I love that they always seem to be improving either the exterior or interior. Right down the road from the Motorcycle Mechanics School, there are frequently some cool bikes out front. Great pizza and Italian food, they ALSO have a wonderful breakfast and if you get here before 9:00 am you can get $3.99 special....I LOVE the homefries.
Been here more times then I can count. Best Italian food in North Phoenix. Great food at a great price.
We now have a new favorite Italian restaurant. Great staff and excellent food. This place has a neighborhood feel to it. I was in a t-shirt and felt perfectly comfortable. The pizza and salad were fantastic. The place was crowded on a Tuesday night and when we left at only about 6:00 ( we like to eat early) there were 3 parties waiting for tables. Love this place and am looking forward to taking friends there for dinner and drinks!
Haha, BJ's, now that that's aside... The food here is amazing! I came here for lunch with my mom even though I wasn't hungry at all. Their menu is large with something for everyone, even for those like me who come in with a very little appetite. They have a small bites menu consisting of stuffed mushrooms, ahi tuna, and a few other choices for $3. I ordered the ahi tuna that was seared to perfection for being such a small filet and the portion was perfect! My mom ordered the flatbread and salad lunch combo. I couldn't resist trying her flatbread. OMG, the crispy thin crunch of their flatbread...so delicious! I checked out their beer selection and was pleasantly impressed. I can't wait to come back with an appetite to try more items and beverages off their menu! The hostess greeted us with a smile while she sat another party in front of us and then came back right away and sat us. The server was quick and the food came out fast. The decor was nice, but its still a fun casual restaurant.
Sat at the bar and had absolutely wonderful service. Boy does that make such a difference. Friendly and knowledgable without being intrusive. We did happy hour. I had a flight of their house beers. Really liked their Hefeweizen; crisp and tasty. We had the wings buffalo style M with blue cheese sub for ranch. My wife didn't like them saying they were soggy. I thought they were ok but rather scrawny. They need larger ramekins to dip in too. I had the 5 meat deep dish and I was astonished how good it was. Really thick with the meat. Again bartenders Edith and Corey were outstanding. If we lived near by I would come back just for their service.
Awesome desserts , wide variety , decent price!
Great pizza and beer. Enjoyed the spicy meatball pizza and the buffalo chicken pizza. Wonderful place to go grab a bite to eat. Good service.
I just realized I'm exactly like my dog, Sicily. I LOVE Attention! I LOVE Getting rubbed! I HATE being alone! l tend to be naughty if left alone for too long! Home Sweet Home My first official check-in at home!
I have to admit I am a little biased here. I was a big fan of the location on Highland and started going to the Greenway location because it is closer to home. I am now a certified "regular" and it's nice to have someplace where people know that troubles are all the same. Everyone there is great, especially the bartenders. I've met the owners a couple of times and they seem like good people. For beer drinkers, there's only one draft beer and it's a local microbrew called "Bottoms Up". So if you're looking for a beer experience, go to the Yard House. If you want a comfy, friendly, local bar to hang out, watch the game and knock a few back....this is the place.
Great place for fun,food,drink and entertainment and the prices are reasonable. They provide a free shuttle service. Lots of TV's for all games even on Sunday NFL. Outside fire pit when chilly outside with misters when it's hot. This is a sports bar not a fancy restaurant but the food is good and they always have specials on food and drink plus a reverse happy hour.Management keeps this place clean and neat with great help from staff and servers.
I've gone to this wonderful tea shop two times and each time was fantastic. The people are extremely knowledgeable and helpful in offering suggestions. The tea is absolutely marvelous. My favorites are Midsummer Night's Dream and Tulsi Detox. Love this place!
Gotta love this diner near downtown Phoenix and hey the seats have been reconditioned recently which gives your posterior a nice cushy feel. The coffee the specials and the wait staff are all excellent.
Burrito Heaven. I'm really getting behind on my Yelping, but I had to at least get to my review for the Original Burrito Company. When I looked them up here on Yelp and saw slightly under four stars I was taken aback. Who could give a low rating to this place? Even if the Soup Nazi was the owner, the quality and quantity for the money should put it over four stars. I NEVER go to the same restaurant twice in two days, but yesterday and the day before I stopped here--the second day because I was just curious about the other stuff on their menu. I should mention I live about ten miles from here. It started on Monday when I was bringing my son back from the doctor near Ahwatukee. It occurred to me as we left that I had lived in Ahwatukee twice before (I'm now in Tempe) and never tried the Original Burrito Company. I decided to rectify the situation. I don't think this place is ever slow, but I caught them at a good time. There was no one in line in front of me, though the counter person was doing other stuff and took a couple of minutes to greet me--more on this later. I opted for the carne asada burrito. It arrived in a few minutes and it was AWESOME! When I think burritos I typically think FLATULENCE because 9 times out of 10 they are 50% beans at the very least. Here, with this particular burrito, they give you an option of either beans or guacamole. I went for guacamole and it came out to about 85% carne asada (yummy), 10% guacamole (good), and 5% salsa verde (excellent and spicy). This was $4.50 including chips. The next day my wife and I stopped by. I had the red chili burrito and my wife had the pollo con chili rojo y arroz. Mine was $3.65 and hers was $4.45, including chips, and both were awesome. Again, both were stuffed with the main ingredients and not a bunch of beans and other fillers. Somebody here mentioned that they are skimpy on the ingredients, but I have found the exact opposite to be true on my two visits. Maybe when that reviewer visited they were training a new employee. The only drawback that I can find is the service. It is not bad, but not super friendly or real attentive. No one greeted me when I walked in and both times it took the woman behind the counter a couple of minutes to say anything to me. But once she started taking my order all was well. For anyone wanting no-frills Mexican--burritos in particular--this place is Heaven.
My father's kitchen knife was decent, forty years ago. But after he passed away, his widow had a dilemma. It had dulled to the point where it couldnt cut flank steak to prepare Beef Stroganoff, yet she couldnt bear to replace it. It reminded her of him. So, my 78 yr old mom asked me to see if I could get it sharpened somewhere. You'd laugh if you saw the knife. It isnt high end and the handle is worn and gray, like cracked driftwood. Yelpers liked PKH service, so off I went with Dad's knife and one El Cheapo of my own. Honestly, I was hesitant approaching the door. This place is run by a chef, and the website drips with Japanese specialty knives costing hundreds of dollars. I took a breath, "steeled" myself, unsure what to expect. Well, this guy, Eytan I guess, couldnt have been nicer. Nice isnt even the word. He examined my crummy knives intently, handled them like they were Faberge eggs, kindly educated me on the makers and explained in detail what he could and couldnt do to hone these particular blades. Turns out, the Italian maker of Dad's knife was pretty good. "These always come back", Eytan said, and he was right. For less than ten dollars, this bona fide expert took what could've been a mundane, or preoccupied or even sneering transaction and instead made me feel like Chris Bianco or someone, and more importantly, made an old lady very happy. This guy's my hero and deserves your business as well.
Word of mouth is so true! This place is a lifesaver for knives! OK, I admit it. I put my good knives in the dishwasher before I knew any better. Then I waited until they were so dull I could barely cut up a tomato before I finally took them in to see if they could be saved. While I was a bit embarrassed by the lack of my knowledge and the state of my knives, especially knowing the high professional caliber of the real chefs to frequent this place, the guys at the Phoenix Knife House couldn't have been nicer. They gave me some helpful advice, were patient answering my questions and were super fast. While I was there another customer had brought them a set of knives and they were kind, but honest with what could and couldn't be done with her knives, and more importantly, why. My two lovely knives are back, better than ever, and super sharp! And they were unbelievably cheap! Plus, the shop has a cool vibe. It's small, but full of an interesting array of knives, especially German and Japanese, as well as professional chef gear, like aprons, shoes and knife cases. The guys that work there manage to keep a laid back, comfortable atmosphere while exuding professional expertise and charm. I've been twice now, and definitely highly recommend them!
For several years I have lived only a short distance away from this park and would find myself here all the time. I still come here just not as much as I would like. Let's see at Papago Park you can: ---Watch fireworks all over the valley, on the 4th of July ---Hike, bike, nature walk ---Feed the turtles and Koi near the zoo ---Look into the zoo for free and watch the giraffes ---Have a picnic ---Have out-of-towners take their pictures with a cactus ---Climb through a hole in a rock ---Go to the DBG. ---Ride your bike along the canal Lots to do right in the center of the Phoenix metro area.
Another one of my favorite things to do in Phoenix. My last visit here was Aug 2011, I took my 7yr old here and she absolutely loved it. Its an easy, quick hike to the "hole in the rock". Once you're up in it, its an awesome spot for photo ops. You have a spectacular view of the zoo, the desert, even some parts of the city. I was able to get some cool shots from up here. (see my pics) Only thing I didn't like, well it actually made me a bit sad- was that I picked up two empty cig packs and like 8 empty cans of beer. Why are people so lame? I'm not a anti-litter fanatic, but in a park? On a mountain trail? It is just sad that some people can't take two minutes to throw their OWN trash away. If you haven't been here, it's a must do and see.
I love this park, mostly for the disc golf course. The first 9 holes are a little but terrifying because there is a small river running along side the course. And since I have no disc control I find myself crossing into the river to get my disc. The second nine holes is all desert terrain and is amazing to play. It provides a minor hike while enjoying the course. Just beyond the first nine holes is a small hiking trail which permits you the opportunity to enjoy the Arizona terrain. Sometimes they have groups that will play a night game of disc golf.
Awesome pizza...I got the thin crust with bacon and CRUSHED a medium pizza by myself!! Now looking back I think they are known for their deep dish Chicago sytle pizza, so probably should have tried that...but theres always a NEXT TIME!!!
It is so nice to have a local pizza place like Barros. I am writing because of the service and friendliness of the staff and management. I visited last night to pick up my pizza and wings, which were great!!! In chatting with Tim the manager, I asked why they would no longer to deliver to my house which is about two blocks out of their delivery area. He went and got a map, highlighted where I live and said that they would start delivery to my area and home. Talk about going above and beyond. Thanks Tim and thanks Barros for having employees that truly care about their customers!!
Ok, ok, ok... so Ben is pretty much my best friend and I have worked for him at the Clarendon for a good portion of my life, but his past restaurants have definitely been hit-and-miss (to say the very least). C4 had a good thing going with the unique flair, but honest-to-god, Clarendon Kitchen ROCKS. I will say this, too. When visiting, another friend asked Ben where we would eat when I was here. I'm so brutal on him and his work that he told the other person that he'd rather keep his soul intact than let me tear another of his restaurants apart. True story. C4 was imaginative. Camus was a pretty scam. Clarendon Kitchen really does freaking rock. The chimichanga was intense, the guacamole incredible, and the chips nice and fresh. The copious margarita consumption and subsequent heartburn are honest testaments to the truthfulness of their recipe. Lalo's art is totally at home here, too. Love, love, love.
"Bunky Boutique" leaves my mouth at least three times a day. Ever since I went to their new beautiful space next to the Roosevelt, I found I a silver feather necklace that matches my brushed aluminum frames pretty well and people are automatically drawn to it. I am starting to feel pretty naked when I don't wear it! And considering the only other necklaces I own are pearl ones and my giant lobster necklace, this is a big style commitment. However, that wasn't my first purchase-it was the 1st for myself, but I have purchased many the fine t-shirt for Mr. Mustachio here (including a fine mustache shirt) for under $30, done by local designers, and guarenteed to not make you look like all the other Urban Outfitter douchebags that paid up to $50 bucks for a mass printed shirt that they probably stole from a local designer (shout out Johnny Cupcakes!) anyway. I learned about this boutique from participating in the Green Fashion Event at a bookstore January 2008 where Rachel's clothes were showcased. I popped in not too long after and was completely impressed by the selection, and the ladys duds are great BUT I find it hard to resist buying something for my mister everytime I walk in-from sweaters, polos, tees, jackets, belts, the best hats ever, to hand printed silk ties, the place is classy and edgy, a difficult combination to pull off. For all the moaning of prices, Frances Vintage is five xs the cost and everything is 1/3 the cost of Urban Outfitters-and you are supporting a local economy of local designers, crafswork and small business owners. If you want better prices and more selection, might as well go to Tempe Marketplace where international child labor keeps the cost of your hip t-shirt low instead of walking around your city, drinking beer from the roosevelt and cold-chillin' w/Rachel-your loss.
Bunky is the kind of store you wander into expecting to browse and walk out with something. Great mix of prices, unique items, and fun "yard" sales. The owner is very attentive, so much so that her vibe makes me want to buy something, even when I know I don't need to. :)
"A taste of pure enchantment" - this is the tagline for Fairytale Brownies, and I totally agree with it! I'd seen Fairytale Brownies at events before but I don't think I ever sampled them... until recently that is, when a beautiful package was delivered to my home as a gift. I figured it was as good a time as any to forget about my diet and give in and sample these things that fairytales are made of! Luckily, it was the Fairtytale Sprites (smaller size brownies) so I didn't feel so guilty afterward. It was totally worth it! I have to admit, I actually sampled more than just one... my favorite flavors were the toffee crunch and caramel flavors. I have yet to try peanut butter, rasberry swirl, and white chocolate which all sound great too. Fairytale Wishes (all-natural gourmet soft caramels) were also included in the package, and they were like magic in my mouth - yum! I totally recommend sending Fairytale Brownies if you're ever in need of a gift - they really are 'a taste of pure enchantment.' In addition, the recipient can put them in the refrigerator or freezer to keep these goodies fresh - when ready to eat, just remove wrapper and pop in the microwave... as a matter of fact, I think we still may have some in our freezer - snack time!
Absolutely delicious. We purchased these directly from the retail location attached to the baking facility in SE Phoenix. I can't say enough how tasty these are. They are not thick, cakey, or dry (despite what the other reviews here have said--but, again, I bought these at the retail location, so they weren't boxed and shipped across the country). Not a single crusty edge to be found. A little on the thin side, extremely moist and creamy (not gooey--keep that for your supermarket box mixes), and had more of fudgey consistency. Normally I have to cover a brownie with ice cream for it to be palatable--not so here. These sort of melt in the mouth. I was more than pleased to see that they are all made on-site with natural ingredients, so no artificial colors/flavors/preservatives. Individually wrapped with slightly-high prices, which is great for me, because it keeps me from buying a tray--which would soon result in an unsightly waistline. Please keep up the good work--you now have 2 more loyal customers!!!
BAM! I love sweets and Chocolate tops my list. These brownies are moist and tasty. They are also individually wrapped so they'll keep for a little while too. I also like that you can customize the boxes and choose from a catalog of flavors. I need to try the cookies next and if they are anywhere near the quality of the brownies I'll be in heaven. Thanks!
Gay bar or not, this place is awesome! It pretty much fits all of my criteria for a perfect bar: Clean, good/affordable drinks, private patio, friendly staff, respectful patrons, has karaoke, makes it easy to get a cab home. We went on a Tuesday night first and foremost to sing karaoke (we had been at Durant's for dinner and found this to be a pretty doable walk from there) but ended up having an even better time than expected. There was a whole list of specialty martinis that are only $5 (all the time!) - we tried the Espresso Martini, Lemon Drop, Black Cherry Cosmo, and all of them were delicious! They were also featuring $2.50 well drinks during karaoke. The bartender was so nice; after pouring our specialty martinis, she even gave us the shakers so we could refill! I *love* when places do that! The karaoke crowd did feature some serious singers, which was nice for us, because karaoke is pretty much the only time we sing these days (we sang together in college), but there were also people just looking to entertain the crowd and have a great time. A really good mix, all told (not too die-hard serious or too sloppy). The KJ himself was also good and kept things moving along nicely. The only negative was that the sound system wasn't great - what Nadia C thought was them fading her out was probably just the sound system being funky because it did that for most of the night. When we finally decided to head out and asked the bartender to call us a cab, she was super nice about it, and the cab was there within 5 minutes. Bonus points for Kobalt for making it easy for people to get home safely - a lot of karaoke bars we've been to in the past made us wait so long for a cab that we were exhausted and a little bit irritable by the time we left. All in all, this is a great spot and definitely worth checking out if you love karaoke and want to sing in a really clean, brightly decorated, and friendly environment.
This is a great little neighborhood bar. The staff is super friendly and fun to hang with. They make you feel right at home. My softball team went there while in town for a tournament and they were more than accommodating - especially when such a large group shows up all at once. They even slipped us some tokens for free games of darts when we indicated we were gonna play. If you stop in Phoenix I would definitely recommend spending a few of your gay dollars here...
Awesome food, the best place in Phoenix to go for soul food. If you have good manners, you'll get good service( yes mam, please, thank you...etc)
The fried chicken is perfectly fried at Mrs. White's. It's probably the best soul/southern food I've ever had!
So I admit I am a food network junkie and I honestly only went to this place because I saw it on best I ever ate fried chicken episode but come on best I ever ate fried chicken in Phoenix I had to see for myself. Well Mrs. White backed it up with some amazing chicken and I don't know what previous reviewers were talking about with the sides because my grandma from North Carolina was in town and her and I both liked the red beans and macaroni salad. The staff was friendly and even sent me home with two extra pieces of chicken for later. This place is awesome and I will for sure be a repeat customer. Also whoever said KFC has chicken as good and it's cheaper well keep going back to KFC and stay outta places like this cause you don't belong. Just sayin'. KFC aint got nothin on Mrs. White.
I'm not going to complain that it's not a 5 star restaurant, but I figured that a Soul Food restaurant across from the oldest Black Church in Phoenix had to have good soul food! Catfish is my weakness and this place has it! Delicately fried and moist and tendered on the inside. It was perfection. I had it with mixed greens and Southern sweet tea. My Soul food cravings were more than satisfied! I WILL be back again and again!
I love this place! I've been taking my car to 180 auto for the last couple years and have never left disappointed. Bogi, Lisa, Whitney, Angel and Kenny (yes, I know them all by name, that's how friendly and cool they are) have always been completely honest with me and have never tried to sell me work they didn't think I absolutely needed. They have shown me a level of customer service that is unparallel to anywhere. I frequently just stop in to chat with the crew. They have all become good friends of mine. If your looking for a place you can trust with amazing customer service go here, hands down!
Good place to take your car. Very professional setup and they seem to do good work. Be sure to get a quote from your dealer on some items and 180 will match.
Upscale nail boutique... I had to think about it for a while - other than the normal chop shop salons that I normally go to, I've only gotten mani/pedis at resorts that are ridiculously overpriced and usually don't even do as good a job as the chop shops i frequent... So, after seeing the convenient location right in my neighborhood and the positive reviews that came before this one, I decided to give Sundrops a shot... It was adorable inside - you can tell that a lot of thought was put into the design of this salon / boutique. They have really cute clothing, shoes, and accessories for sale. They also have several lines of polish to choose from including OPI, Essi, and more. They have great customer service and offer you water during your service along with recent magazines to choose from. I could tell that they follow strict sanitation guidelines which made me feel good as well. They couldn't squeeze me in the first attempt, so I decided to make an appointment... this is probably your best bet. Also, I was going to book the 'petite pedi' and they warned me that this is a 30 minute treatment and does not include a soak. So, I bumped it up a bit (that soak was appealing to me) and wen tfor the 'Island Indulgence.' For $35, it was a treat... everything smelled delicious from the coconut milk bath to the cane sugar scrub and the lotion they massaged on my feet before polishing. I walked away feeling relaxed and happy with the decision. I also noticed that you can have parties at this hot spot... which gets me thinking - yelp event? hmmm....
I had read all of the reviews on the salon prior to going. I have to say that I had a really good experience there. I was greeted right away by the woman working at the front desk. She helped to explain to me the different services which they had as well and upcoming specials. I had a pedicure by Maria. She was fantastic. She helped me to pick out a great color for my toes. I had there caribbean pedicure and I thought it was outstanding and done very well. I thought that the seating area was comfortable. It was very clean in the salon. I thought the prices were great as well. They served beverages during the services which was a nice touch as well. I would make an appointment to go in instead of walking in, though. I could see how you may have to wait awhile because no technicians were sitting around with nothing to do. They called me the next day to see how my service was. I really enjoyed it. I will be back again.
I love going to this salon! I make my appointments during the week and I'm always the only customer there. It's quiet and relaxing. The place is really beautifully decorated as well. The staff are always friendly and meticulous. The shellac polish is amazing! I have already and will continue to recommend this place.
This is the first gym and staff in all of my years that has actually led me to stay and LOVE what I'm doing for myself. I can't stress that enough. I've tried so many other gyms but quit or felt too much pressure by douchebag personal trainers. As soon as I talked to Will, I felt SO comfortable and was ready to take the plunge. Surprisingly, the membership was extremely affordable. I signed up with a personal trainer, Kaitlyn, and even THAT was affordable. I know, personal training, affordable? Unheard of... but I swear, they broke it up into monthly payments and worked with my financial situation until I was 100% comfortable. No pressure, no gimmicks, no bullsh*t. They greet you by name and treat you like family. I love and would recommend this gym to anyone who wants to lose weight and get healthy! Side note: Kaitlyn is absolutely AMAZING if you're looking for a personal trainer. She is honest and sweet... not something you usually expect from a personal trainer, at least in my experience. This gym is ridiculously clean, too. People say it's a "ghetto area" and maybe it is... but it's immaculate on the inside. 5 stars any day!
Got a knee injury in the Marines luckily they got a lap pool for good cardio. It has everything except a padded martial arts room. But has a kids room so someone watch the kids while you work out and has polite staff.
Big ol' shout out to Cynthia at Safeway today. She saw me struggling and helped me do self-checkout all with a smile and a great customer service attitude even though it was "self check out" lol. This safeway is clean, usually has most things in stock, has a great bread section and huge deli and fruit/veggie market.
These girls are great as always. It took me a long time to get over Sam. He was a great dog. I felt it was time for a change. I got a kitten. I have heard from friends that their petsitters have gone out of business, but suprise - the girls are still there. They are amazing. They have done a great job with my ktten! Would hire them anytime - Highly recommended!
I love this Super Target so much I am compelled to say its name in a sing-songy way. Suuuuuper Taaaar-get! Understand that this is not normal behavior for me. I love this Super Target so much that I endured the light rail construction. Thank heaven it's pretty much done now. The Christown chaos pisses Hubby off so much he almost never goes with me. But that's ok- more time for me to poke around. I love the awesome pet department. They even have the new styles of scratchers and corrugated chaise lounges as well as kitty clothes. Now if only I could get my monsters to wear the lobster hat... I love the grocery store part. There are food items here I haven't seen outside of AJ's, and for a much more reasonable price! Their Archer Farms store brand is better than expected. Their fair trade coffee pods (for use in our Senseo machine) is simply the best coffee I have ever had. I love that this store is so new and clean and well-organized. They even have people patrolling the parking lot in Segways. Suck it, Walmart.
I seriously LOVE this store find virtually anything you want under the bulls eye (they have a large selection of groceries) ... and the meat/steaks RULE ... I'm not kidding.
This may be the only big box chain that I can tolerate going into. Probably because they always have everything I need, and things seem to be more my style here and less crazy than others. Another bonus is that this Target is Super. And close to the light rail. And by close, I mean it is right there. Last time I walked into Target I ended up buying two pillows for my sofa that *finally* matched my awkwardly awesome accent color in my living room. And Mortal Kombat. Where else can you do that? And don't say Wal-Mart. No one has those damn pillows. No one but Target. Sometimes Target is funny too. And not just on April Fools Day. One time I saw an item was out of stock, and there was a label near it listing a replacement item, that was in fact, not a replacement item at all. I love catching things like that. You amuse me Target. So long as you follow the rule to use a basket and not a cart in Target you will walk out with both you and your wallet being happy :)
This is a great Target -- perhaps better than other Targets, too, because they have stands where you can sample some items. It's clean. There are a lot of clearance items. It's large - you can get food and other regular Target items. :]
Frozen chocolate-covered cheesecake on a stick with artificial strawberry swirls. See you in October!
79 cent Thirst Buster is the best thing in the world.
After reading all the great reviews about this place I had to check it out. Well I'm officialy in love with Los Reyes de la Torta!Stopped in on a whim and never wanted to leave.The queso was thick and creamy and just GOOD.The torta is the biggest I've ever seen so full of flavor that hit you one after another.I almost felt bad paying them so little for such a huge meal,so I tipped generously. So the next time your there look around,that brunette you see in the corner with a sleeping bag is me moving in and never leaving.
Very good and very authentic. I had the same torta Adam had on show Man vs. Food, I think it had the whole kitchen in it! But it was really and I could only finish half the torta.
Great mexican food, located in a crappy little strip mall but the food makes up for the location. Nice pleasent atmoshere. Can be crowded but a good sign is that they are expanding their hours. The Tortas are great, filling and reasonably priced. The chocolate flan is sinfully delicious. They have nice marqaritas and crappy beer to wash the food down.
Had the Torta del Rey and could only eat half of it. This was one huge sandwich and all the ingredients really worked well together. I'm saddened that this place is such a long drive away for me. And when I'm in that general area I have to choose between Los Reyes and Chino Bandito.
This place rocks. Food that has great taste and a great price. We work about 2 miles from this place and it is always the choice for a great lunch!
It's been nearly a year and a half since an Update from here for Los Reyes, so I'd just like to report that this place is still terrific! Stopped in for lunch today with Scott W. & Robyn N., & ordered a tasty 99 cent Shrimp Ceviche Tostada for an appetizer, followed by a Carne Asada Torta Nortea with salad for the included side ($7.75). It was GREAT, GREAT, GREAT!!! :-))
This place rocks, from the Tortas to the burros and ceviche. the ONLY dig I have is no chips and salsa. The salsa you get is awesome
Unbelieveable hands down the best most unique mexican cuisine that has greaced Phoenix. These folks know what they are doing. Out of this world flavor, super WOW quantities of amazing flovor packedwith thoughtful combinations of bursting goodness. This place is the mecca of mexician. get there.
Huge variety of torte's and other yummy Mexican dishes. Eating in-try the horaches, best ever. Last night we ordered pick up. Four adults so we ordered four different torte's, cut each into quarters and shared. The torte's are so big, I'm having left overs for breakfast. Service is always fast and friendly. Don't forget to try a fresh juice-always a wide variety.
This is by far my favorite Mexican restaurant. I wish they had one closer to my house, as it's not exactly in the best part of town... but who cares the food is fantastic. If I'm even remotely close to the area this is a must stop detour. Growing up with authentic Mexican food, I've been generally disappointed with the options when I moved to Phoenix. However, this place is as good as it gets. The food couldn't taste any better.... it's simply PERFECTION. I used to not even be a fan of tortas until I tried theirs. The torta Nortena is food heaven!
This place is AMAZING. My husband and I ordered the Hawaiian torta and I ordered horchata and we both LOVED it all. The tortas are pretty large, and I'm glad we read that they were a sharable size, since we weren't all that hungry. Wish so much we had tortas like this one in Colorado.. will definitely be going back when we get back to Phoenix!
Just moved to Phoenix and my boyfriend talked up this place so much ...he didn't do justice! I love dive bars and chill people and this place couldn't be better but their food is great too!! The ladies at he bar are great and never leave your beer glass empty!! Look forward to coming here and just relaxing!!
My wife and I have been driving all the way from Litchfield Park and West Peoria for several years going to this restaurant. We have never had a bad experience and we are absolutely in love with their weekend buffet. The naan is fantastic and my personal favorite dish is the Palak Aloo. Who knew spinach could be so good??
I was just here yesterday because Tandoori Times was closed. I was disappointed about it until they brought out the food. The presentation was lovely! The paneer tikka was sizzling and gorgeous. The paneer was a perfect level of spice and unlike Tandoori Times, not dry. The veggies in it were delicious and juicy and crunchy. My mother ordered the paneer masala, which came out looking just as good. Medium spice was perfect and the peas and bell peppers in it were abundant and delicious. The waitress had a vibrant personality, very helpful. The entire restaurant was empty, that was surprising for 6pm on a Monday. It is rather large, nice atmosphere, weird Indian videos on the tv. Oh and the Chai tea is superb. I'm eating my leftovers right now as I write this. Still good! Highly recommend this place.
I know, this place from the outside does not look great. The sign is broken, the building looks worn out. Don't let the outside scare you. Hole in the wall type of place but the best darn donuts in town! You have to get there early because they are usually out of donuts by 8:30am. The Donut Lady is as sweet as her donuts. She is there every day but Sundays. I call ahead sometimes for the croissants because those run out first. The place looks run down however in this day and age where people are losing their jobs and businesses, God bless the Donut Lady for keeping her American Entrepreneurial Dream alive.
I just got this app on my Droid so decided to give this place a try in my new yelp eating adventure since I'm getting bored with all the regular places I eat at. I have to say, so far so good, kind of a shady location but excellent food and nice people working there. Just stopped in for a quick lunch, just a slice and some wings, tried the Arizona gold wings, FANTASTIC, a sweet onion spicy wing sauce and probably one of the best original wing sauces I've ever had, even though I hate onion, and for the pizza, delicious, nice thin crust and lots of toppings. I'll definitely be back for more. Only thing that would make this place better is if they had a bigger dining room, but still well worth the 5 stars.
This was my first trip to Los Dos Molinos and it was muy sabroso!! I have wanted to eat here for awhile but was scared it would be too hot for me. However, after eating here, I would recommend this place for those who like it hotter than hell but also those who don't like it too spicy. First off, the chips and salsa are delicious. The red salsa was pretty hot but the verde salsa was less hot and was just right for me. The margarita was really stiff and got me buzzed before dinner even came. I had one of the less hot items the los dos flautas dinner. The flautas were cooked perfect and I like that the beans are the whole pinto beans. My husband had the red chili. He said it was very flavorful and had just the right amount of heat.
I go our of my way to eat here. I live in Cave Creek and thats not close to downtown. I don't care if I have to go by myself. Whenver I am anywhere near there I head in. They have the best damn machaca chimi that could ever be made. Mmmmm, Heading there with my girlfriend tomorrow for lunch and I have been drooling for days just waiting! Not a fancy place, but amazing SPICY food!
When your a New Mexican and you find New Mexican perfection you find your heart rate subsiding and your health meter rising and brother & sister i tell you now that LDM is the most OUTSTANDING New Mexican Food Restaurant in Arizona.....period dot!!! My go to is the pork chimi or the muchaka chimi....either way it is the finest food in the valley! We also LOVE the Green Chili Stew and the margarita's . Best Mexican in Phoenix bar none!! Any negative reviews usually come from jewish yentas that cannot stand the heat from cinnamon toothpaste let alone fresh New Mexican Green Chili. Viva La Los Dos Molinos!!
The staff here is the friendliest of any record store I've been to in a long time. They helped my friend pick out a record player and gave us great recommendations of other cool shops to check out while we were visiting phoenix. The store is pretty big and has a great selection of records. Check out the David Hasselholf calendar in their office!
So, I visited this record store once before, back when they were next to Copper Star. They have since moved locations and greatly expanded. I felt like I was walking into a scene from High Fidelity. The dudes behind the counter were super chill, and answered all of my many (probably a bit annoying) questions about turntables and speakers. Though I didn't buy a turntable (I was informed that I needed a receiver and they didn't have one at that time) I still walked out with two Stevie Nicks albums and one by the Fleet Foxes. I can't wait to get the gear so I can listen to my new stuff, and I will certainly be back for more music. They have a huge selection of all genres, and they are reasonably priced, too! For every ten bucks you spend you get a little punch on your punch card, and once it's filled (I think) it's good for ten dollars off your next purchase. All in all, I'd say they spun me right round...ok, bad joke. Keep it real.
I'm so glad my hubby and I decided to stop by and check this place out. Laura who is one of the owners was very welcoming and pleasant. We had a couple of flights and were very pleased. The wines Laura carries are very reasonably priced and unique. She is very knowledgeable of the wines she has in her shop which makes the experience all that much better.
What a great little spot! Came here with my sister to use a Travelzoo deal that included 4 wine tastings, a cheese plate and $10 off a $25 purchase. The staff is super friendly and knowledgable. Almost like you were hanging out in their home. We used the $10 off when we bought two bottles of wine that were recommended to us. Also found out you can hold tasting parties there, which would be fun! Looking forward to going back!
A few of my friends invited me to join them one night as they went wine tasting; I don't drink, but the amount of fun I had at this wine bar blew my mind. The best parts of the night really were the familial atmosphere with which the owners greeted us, the homey feel of the place, and the live music and performances. 1. Staff- I can sincerely say that the staff here are some of the kindest, most welcoming people that I have ever met in my life. We had a group of 4 and there weren't any private tables left, but even without us asking, the owners kindly shifted some of the other (regular) guests together so that we could have our own spot. They also spent some time personally guiding my friends through the specials of the night. 2. Homey environment- When I was there, chairs and tables were staggered throughout the store, and a band was standing cozily in the corner. On all the surrounding walls were wines that served both as really cute decorative pieces, and also drinks that customers could choose. The owners helped with this homey environment a lot, too, making casual conversation with everybody and being really great hosts. It was almost as if we were at a nice dinner party at their house. 3. Interactive performances- The group that was performing that night had excellent musical tastes. They played great older songs, and sped it up at times, too, with a few more popularly recognizable pieces. At one point they gave us all maracas and had us join them in their fun. Vino100 really exceeded my expectations on what a wine bar is. Whether you are looking for an intimate night out or a more casual, interactive evening with friends, I highly recommend it for all.
I LOVE THIS PLACE. Make reservations or call and get your name on the list at least one hour early....the wait is often 1-2 hours. Yes it is a chain. WHO CARES. The quality is always top notch. The service is great. The fish is ultra super fresh 10,000 (if you end anything with 10,000 it means it is the best.) Most fish are flown in only in season. Right now you can get a lb of crawfish or a dozen oysters on the half shell for $3.95 (Wednesday nights it he best because fresh shell fish come in that morning.) PS- Awesome and economic happy hour.
This is the 2nd time I have been here. After a shopping excursion with my Wife, we stopped in around 8pm. It wasnt too busy, and found a booth in the bar right off the bat. We decided to be a little adventurous and try out the Fired Alligator and Fried Frog legs. Both were extremely good. Since I am afraid to death of alligators it was a little self satisifing eating one! Now instead of looking at them as scary things, I see them in bite sized fried nuggets! The Frog legs were equally as good. As the saying goes, tastes like chicken. Dinner I had the Australian lobster tail. It was cooked perfectly! My wife had the tilapia laffayette thing, and it too was cooked perfectly. Nothing was overcooked or undercooked. They definately know what they are doing here cooking fish. Waiter was prompt, courteous, and was johnny on the spot for water/tea refills. We didnt feel rushed at all, but we were definately in and out very quickly. Would definatley visit again!
My wife and I stopped in here on Saturday night after the D'Backs game and were told there would be an hour and half wait. The very visually frazzled hostess kept her composer and let us know that the bar area is first come first serve so we decided to try there. We scored some seats within 10 minutes and were immediately met by Sarah the bartender and the smiles and service never stopped. Based on our questions Sarah knew it was our first time and really explained their menu and how everything works. Our whisky was 10$ a glass but based on the "long pour" it was worth it. There was a mistake in the kitchen and someone miss ordered a crab legs, we scored because Sarah brought them to us to try. AMAZING... I ordered a sampler trio as our appetizer and the wife loved it all until she realized it was not breaded chicken and little chunks of lobster in the seafood fondue (I may have led her on a little) but rather alligator and crawfish. The smile on her face (maybe the whisky) or just the general fun atmosphere and the food quality was well worth the total bill at the end of the night. I can't wait to go back...
Hands down the best Seafood and Cajun food in all of Phoenix and the surrounding cities! A must try!
all the way from cali,had to have this place oh how i love the food great place icant lie i love there food
This place had some seriously amazing Louisiana style sea food dishes. Too bad i showed up off-season for craw fish, but other than that, it was total class. They seated me and my friend in the corner but we end up having a great view of the place, and seemed a bit more intimate that way. This also gave us a great view of the outside seating area to people watch as well. The food itself was very rich and delicious. I don't remember the name of the dish but it featured baked oysters. Every bite was delicious. I am definitely coming back there if I am looking for a nice seat down in the West Valley.
I've wanted to try this place out for a while but never did because it's a bit of a drive from the East Valley. But, I had the opportunity to dine here tonight with my boyfriend for a nice dinner out. Since it's a Friday night, we did have to wait but decided a nice drink at the bar would be a good idea. The bar is pretty big and the bartenders are very friendly. Full service bar too so if you don't want to wait, that's an option. The couple we sat next to are regulars of the restaurant and raved about the food before we even sat down to eat. The restaurant itself is very vibrant and nice. The decor is a little outdated but still comfortable. You can dress up or be casual. When we got our table, we were greeted by a friendly waitress. We were immediately served bread and continued to have great service throughout the night. If our waitress didn't get to us, there were many other staff available to get drinks, napkins, bring out food, etc. When I asked to sample the gumbo, they were more than happy to bring out a sample. It tasted great with the bread! I decided to eat light and went with the mussles whereas my boyfriend ate the mahi alexander. He loved it! Big portions but also a big price tag. For good seafood, this place is amazing. They also have a nice outdoor patio and on a nice night, it's nice to sit out and eat. They also have a live band on the weekends too. Overall, this place is great and will definitely return!
Ate here tonight! This is a really nice, spacious restaurant with an outdoor area that had live music tonight. We ate indoors though, and the decor and general ambiance was really nice. Not so uptight as to make you feel uncomfortable to eat with your family, but certainly befitting the price range and quality. I have a few minor quibbles that would make this more of a 4.5 star review, but I thought I'd round up since they're so insignificant. To begin with, the food and beverages were good! I had the Strawberry Tea and my mom had the Mango Lemonade, and they were both flavorful without tasting artificial. No review on the alcoholic drinks, unfortunately. The meals were VERY generously sized (Seriously, we all took home enough to have a second and possibly third meal tomorrow) and good... for the most part. The fried crabfinger dinner was a bit salty and the lobster bisque might not be for everyone. The clam chowder and pasta mardi gras were amazing though. Also, beware the dirty rice--the taste really lives up to the name, and you may not be prepared for it. My mom, thinking it was just a clever name for a rice pilaf, certainly wasn't. Service was great! Our waiter was very ninja-like, suddenly reappearing with refills. He was extremely friendly and helpful with the menu. Our only issue was that at one point, as we were at the end of our meal, he seemed to disappear completely. We wanted to get our plates boxed and our check paid, and that took much longer than we expected. Still, it wasn't exactly a hassle waiting for him to show up and I'm sure we could have been more proactive about getting the bill if we had really been in a rush. In short, a great place to dine if you don't mind spending a bit of money. Considering this is seafood and they give you huge plates, I think the cost is definitely worth it, but don't be surprised to see those $20-$30+ entrees.
I don't give five stars very often, but yes Pappadeaux's deserves them all. Coming from the east coast, I do miss my seafood. I'm a bit wary of any seafood I get in the Valley because it obviously has to be flown or trucked into the desert. Pappadeaux's was recommended to me before I even arrived in Phoenix. The moving company driver told me about this place when he was loading my belongings on his 18-wheeler in North Carolina. I found the place on Yelp, showed him the picture, and he said, "Yep! That's it!" I bookmarked it in the app to check out. I've been here a couple times already, but for some reason hadn't reviewed it yet. I most recently came with a friend for his company dinner (dinner on the boss! yay!). I had lobster, shrimp, oysters (fried and on the half-shell), calamari, and something else I can't even remember. The food has always been great. They have some pretty good salads and other items on the menu if you're not into seafood (my friend isn't, so that came in handy). Love this place -- will definitely come back!
Exclusive seafood restaurant... easily the best in the phoenix area. we love the fried frog legs(try pan fried too) . also the crab cakes are awesome. first time oyster eaters and it was a great experience. the items on the lunch and dinner section are very pricey but worth it. too rich in flavor if looking to find a fault. don't buy drinks , even their strongest drink (swamp thing or something like that) was a joke. buy another round of frog legs instead !!!!!
This is why I have stopped eating Chinese food and become a Vietnamese food addict... I have eaten here at least 15 times since they've re-opened and have become quite friendly with Sarah and Bill, the English names of the owners. Bill is a master chef and I am starting to understand why I like Vietnamese cuisine now where before, I just knew that I liked it better than Chinese. First off...the Pho. They really don't serve any seafood pho and I've come to realize by eating at other Vietnamese places that even though I love shrimp, it tends to make a rather flavorless pho and if you used a beef or a chicken base, it would overpower the seafood. So beef pho just makes sense. Their pho is terrific. I found it more useful to get one of the more standard pho rather than the 'spicy' and spice it myself. The thing I've learned is to taste the pho broth before I hit it with any of the toss-ins or sriracha. They seem to sell a lot of pho ga (chicken soup), but I haven't tried that...it would be hard for them to beat my mom's authentic penicillin. I will point out that their Sour Shrimp soup was fantastic but it's not a pho. Next - their bun...It's rather simple and plain - noodles with meat of choice (or shrimp/shrimp paste), optional peanuts and egg rolls, accompanied by the sweet fish sauce. The trick I learned here is that you put the chilies and/or sriracha and/or hoisin sauce into the fish sauce and mix it up and then dump it over the bun and toss it all with the fork and spoon. Without sriracha or chilis, bun is something any child would love. This is the absolute safe choice for anyone eating Vietnamese for the first time. Next - their broken rice...Again, it's rather simple and plain - meat of choice accompanied by rice, sliced pickled carrots and green papaya and surprises not on the menu, an egg, mushroom quiche type concoction that is called xeo (not clear on the spelling here) and some thinly sliced salt pork. The first time I got this, I just consumed and the second time, I started asking about the things I was eating. Clearly there is some genius here. Again, the trick here is to mix the chilis and/or sriracha into the fish sauce so you can distribute it more evenly throughout. There are a wide array of flavors, all very delicate and much more enthusing than any sauce drenched Chinese offering. Each time I order a broken rice dish, Sarah tries to substitute the barbecue pork which I absolutely love but it defeats my intent to try something different each time. I have since discovered that Bill makes vietnamese pancakes (quite tasty) and ox-tail pho (probably too fatty for my tastes). The pancakes are easily the most messy things to try to eat wrapped in a lettuce leaf with cilantro and dripping fish sauce. Utensils clearly don't work here. Here's a tip...sit close to the table and don't wear a new clean shirt. On the plus side, none of it is greasy so it won't permanently stain but between pho noodles, bun noodles, drippy pancakes, it's hard not to leave soiled and happy.
I can't live without Bountiful Baskets anymore. I'm vegetarian and my husband is on a strict diet for high blood pressure, and this is the most economical, delicious, healthy shopping we do. They also have a lovely rotating selection of breads, occasional scrumptious granolas, and desserts that we have to fight to resist. Don't miss out on this. You won't regret it.
Still going strong. The site coordinators at Cactus Park are wonderful people and I enjoy volunteering with them and all the other volunteers each time I participate. A great start to my weekend.
After multiple phases of evolution from Counter Culture/The Downstairs to C.O.L.A.B. and now Conspire...many of these talented individuals have worked together for several years. This time around I think they have put together the perfect blend of talent, products, location, and control. Lisa, of Sticker Club Girl, does a great job of organizing and exciting people around her. And this time these artists have brought in John Sagasta as a partner to bring them amazing coffee and energy. I enjoy a latte from John on a regular basis and catch up on all the local action, gossip, and hype going on in downtown Phoenix.
I love conspire. I lived in Phoenix about 2 and a half years ago and used to come here before it was completely renovated-- I liked it then, but now when I come back to Phoenix occasionally, I love it even more. I haven't had too much of the food (although now they deliver now, and it's heavily vegan, so it might have to happen), but I love their coffee. More than that, I love the vibe. They have several different rooms with booths to sit in, wi-fi, and pretty quiet background music so it's a good place to work. The library in the back room is epic. It's hard to find such cool places in Phoenix. The jewelry sold in the front is great. I went their yesterday and my friend bought anchor-shaped earrings for a whopping six bucks. I bought octopus earrings for 7. It's arsty and hip and I'm sure plenty of the ASU student scene hate it. In the back, there's a skateboard ramp and a stage for music. The people who work there have been friendly and inviting to me every time I have gone. I couldn't ask for a more comfortable environment.
I love the place, especially the beer! Always clean, professional servers, always feels good, and good food as well.
I am from Chicago - and the italian beef here really is perfection. Add to that the friendliest people ever and the amazing hotziki with fries- and they've got me forever. Their falafel wrap is insanely good and the patty melt is to die for. I could eat here every day - and I practically do!
Great food. Born and raised in Chicago this is the closest I've been able to find that comes close. Good job guys
it was really good, the food is awesome, very authentic, and the people are very nice. overall great price, and calm.
My husband and I used to eat the wonderful BBQ at Town Talk in downtown Phoenix. We were so happy and surprised when Town Talk II opened right around the corner from our house! The grandson of the original restaurant's owner is running the new place and his recipes came directly from his grandfather. And they are just yummy, and I mean seriously yummy. The place is immaculate inside and out and the service is exceptional. I love to support the local mom and pop type businesses and it is a bonus when you get to have fabulous food and top notch service on top of buying local. Thank you, Chris and family, for continuing a first rate family tradition!
Run by one guy (Dale). We've lived here since 8/2001 and have had a variety of vehicles - he's done the tint on all of them. He does a great job, takes pride in his work, and is very reliable.
This is becoming one of my favorite trails. I start at the N. Mtn visitors center and take the long, rocky, but definitely worth it trail up to the towers. I have been trying to run most of it but I always get winded once I get to the base of the incline. Be careful as it is pretty rocky and your trip down can be dangerous if you are not careful. Especially if you tend to run down like I try to do. I am happy to say I am not as winded as I use to be when I first started visiting this trail. One of these days I will run from top to bottom.
was just in yesterday and saw they now offer sunday morning breakfast from 10a-3p for -- wait for it -- $2! eggs, hash browns, sausage, bacon and get a bloody mary on the side for -- wait for it -- $2!. yeah!
As soon as I walked in I was in love. This bar made me feel like I was back home, with all of the original wood work and the smell of an old house. That may not be a draw for all but I miss the feeling of experiencing something historical; that is hard to find in Phoenix. The bar staff were chatty and friendly, food was good and the beer selection was pretty great, too. I'll be going back again soon for the English breakfast and Bloody Mary Sunday
What a great place to go and hang out after work and drink an ice cold beer. I have spent a lot of time here with my co-workers and sit and cool off and talk stories about the job. Also spent this last Friday here after work celebrating my birthday. I believe our favorite waitress' name is Miranda and she is an awesome gal!
They have a rotating tap and currently they have this 5 barrel IPA with nitro and it's pretty awesome and smooth! Here for trivia night, pretty fun. Only thing is that the tables are in different rooms so I can't see who else teams are playing, but it's fun nonetheless!
This place is really cool. Great food and drinks. The room with the pool table is a pretty cool place to hangout
Burgers that live up to the hype! Their frys are pretty darned good. Corn dogs are delicious state fair style and the onion rings are some of the best I've had.
best char flame grilled burger in town. I love burgers but I absolutely love Lucky Boys. burger and fries (no drink) less than $4! that is a steal, this place looks old school, takes you back into time as to what a small burger joint looks like. I like this place better than Lenny's and better than hamburger works, and better than burger shop and burger factory.
I am been craving greasy food! I seriously I. Love with this place...why, you ask because the onion rings are amazing, they are perfect!
This place is super cool. I found out about it on yelp as part of a quest to find an independent toy store. It's tucked away in a strip center behind a Wendy's in Chandler, but totally worth the drive! I spent way too much on Christmas for my nieces (1 and 7) because there were so many awesome things! They even had toys I remember from 20 years ago that I had thought would not be around any more. Really a wide variety of toys from science and educational to arts and crafts to infant stuff. I am totally going back there whenever I need a gift. They do free wrapping and have friendly, helpful and knowledgeable staff!
This is a small toy store located in a strip mall in Ahwatukee off the I-10 on Chandler Blvd. I've been there many times and never fail to find the perfect, unique gift I'm looking for. They have activities for the kids and caregivers like bilingual story time, art classes, magic classes etc. Today they had Sesame Street Day, kids could do art projects and take their picture with Elmo. Plus, they had sales throughout the year! I'm constantly looking for Spanish books and toys for my son and while they don't have a huge variety at least they carry some. Even though it's a small store it carries a pretty big variety of toys, so it can get overwhelming, but once you get use to it, it's pretty fun to browse. If you bring your little ones they have open toys for them to play with. The staff is very nice and helpful and they'll wrap your gifts for free.
One of my favorite places. Prices are cheap and the food is great. I have traveled a lot and this place had the best gyro than anywhere! I highly reccommend this place!
This place has the best greek food I've tried this far in Phoenix. I'm originally from a city that has a fabulous greek town so I know my greek! The owner is from Greece. If you're looking for something fancy, then you should go elsewhere, it's more of a fast food type restaurant. But you will not be dissappointed in the food! Delicious large servings, decent prices, great service. They even have a drive through, but better to call ahead to place your order as it could take a while to prepare (well worth the wait).
What a great Greek food place! My girlfriend and I ordered falafel and a side salad plus got a drink for about $8 each. Honestly this place is SO good... When you walk in you might think it wouldn't be that good but it made me feel even better. The falafel was great, was moist and had a great flavor to it. The pita it was warped in had to be made by this place. It was fluffy and had a great crisp to it. All of the fixing that went into it were extremely fresh and I truly enjoyed it. Then came the salad which I decided over the fries. I have never had a salad with so much feta I had to pull some off. Good thing I like feta on my falafel as well so I didn't waste it! I will definitely come back to this place to try something else for a cheap meal! Way worth it.
OMG, the BEST gyro and salad I have ever tasted! I drove from Scottsdale to downtown Phx and my daughter said it was "the best" and it is!
The best Greek food you'll ever find!! Amazing service, quality, and definitely worth the drive no matter where your coming from!!! The service is fast and the owner is super friendly! Everything is always fresh- no matter what you get!!! So good.. Just thinking about Z's makes me drooooooool!!!!
This place was awesome. I was up near Scottsdale and wanted to take some friends to Greek so I checked Yelp the reviews did not disappoint. I got the Gyro platter. It was a ton of food. The meat was great and the pitas were fresh. Plenty of tzatziki. One of the best Greek salads I've ever had with plenty of cheese and it was very flavorful. The rice and potatoes were really good too and I usually don't get to excited about those at a greek place. I also sampled the falafel (good), baklava (great), and the spanikopita (amazing). I sort of wish this place was closer to my side of town so I could go there more often.
Holy canolli this place is fantastic! How have I never been here before? The set up of the restaurant is very open and they piped in old school tunes, Frank Sinatra, Harry James and Tommy Dorsey. It really reminded me of Artie Bucco's sister restaurant. The service was excellent and the staff was friendly and hospitable. We even heard the owner/chef yelling at the staff from the kitchen "wize this fettuccine sitting owt heaar!" it was classic. He really showed a passion for both the guests and the food. I had read a few yelp reviews before I chose this place and I can only mirror what everyone else said. The Italian bread and focaccia with red pepper olive oil and garlic butter are amazing. The spaghetti and meatballs were to die for. The meatballs LITERALLY melt in your mouth. I want to go back and try everything on the menu. Spoiler Alert - After the meal the owner came to our table and asked us to guess a number between 1 and 99, you get the number and dinner is free. We didn't win but it was a fun game and a nice way to end the meal. I will be back - I am anxious to try lunch and the pizzas they are selling out the back!
Being an Italian from NY whose great-grandfather owned a pasta company in Italy, I take a lot of pride in my appreciation of good Italian food. I don't often go to Italian restaurants in my price range because I am often disappointed at the frozen, bulk ingredients and cheap sauces. Also, I eat out frequently so I rarely splurge and treat myself to "authentic" Italian cuisine. Now, I think I will need a 4th job to fund my more-frequent visits to Aiello's. The atmosphere is classy, but cozy and warm. My favorite style of restaurant is one where you feel like it was a home at some point and it doesn't feel sterile or manufactured. This is exactly what you'll find. The Aiello's have done a great job making you feel like you're walking into a restaurant run out of the back of their house. I was immediately greeted by the bartender/front of house manager and took a seat at the bar. Within a few minutes, I was given warm bread with spread & oil. I wasn't a big fan of the oil (there were red peppers soaking in it - not my thing) but the spread was tasty and the bread was fresh. I was tempted to order a glass of wine, but the selection for glasses was pretty limited (bottles were plentiful) so I decided I would wait and indulge in an after-dinner drink instead. The menu is just about perfect. Aiello's knows what it is and doesn't try to veer outside it - a mistake made by so many places trying to please everyone. Many of the Italian standbys are here along with some nice sounding dishes that have probably been tried throughout the years and stuck. I was between the Veal Paillard & the Linguine Fradiavolo and the bartender gladly suggested the latter and seemed proud to recommend it. While I was waiting for my food, Joe Aiello came from the back and said hello. He interacted with a few tables before stopping and chatting with me. We discussed New York and family among other things. This wouldn't be included in the review, except it was such a genuine, enjoyable conversation that it makes you want to go back sooner rather than later. Maybe it's a NY thing, but the owner who can work a room and leave his patrons hoping for a return visit is hard to find anymore. The food came out in reasonable time, was presented wonderfully and would have been photographed if my phone had flash. The two shrimp were so big, they needed to be cut in half to eat - and possibly could have been quartered. The rest of the seafood was plentiful and fresh. The way the dish blended together was impressive. The pomodoro was indeed lite (as described in the menu) and really allowed for the pasta and fish to shine. The portion size was large enough that I was able to take lunch home for the next day but was not obnoxiously large. After dinner, I asked for a coffee drink of Kahlua, amaretto & Bailey's. They were out of Bailey's so I asked the bartender to create something. I'm pretty picky so this was risky but I had faith. Sure enough, he came up with an ideal drink to end the night with - though I wish I remembered what it was so I can order it again. If there's better Italian in Phoenix, I've yet to find it. The prices aren't cheap - nor should they be - you are getting your money's worth. Most dishes fall into the $15-25 range which is a good value for the quality and portion size. I cannot wait to go back - and you should not wait to go there.
Went for a wax because of a Groupon offer. Rio Wax wouldn't even return my call when I called for an appointment because they were closer. It was my first wax of it's kind and I'll be going back. Amanda was friendly and efficient and the room and sheet and towel was clean and neat.
Kenny is the best colorist and we always have a good time while I'm in his chair. Whether I'm going red or dark or doing some serious highlighting, he always gets it right!
I recently got my hair styled by Veronica for a wedding I was in. The entire bridal party including the bride and mother of the bride arrived to the salon on the morning of the wedding as the entire staff was warm, welcoming and excited for our arrival! We all had a great time and loved started our day off at Scissors Rox Paper. Everyone's hair turned out amazing!!! Veronica took her time and made sure my hair was exactly how I wanted it. She was more than willing and able to do anything I requested and didn't flinch once when I asked to change/fix something. I would highly recommend Veronica and any member of the salon team to style hair for any special occasion!
I have to tell you, after traveling through Southeast Asia eating a lot of noodles, dumplings, and all kinds of delicious food imaginable, I am on a mission to she'd some pounds so it was great that I was able to order their lobster lettuce cup and have it for dinner (minus the fried wonton chips and sauce) and have it be low calorie, delicious, full of flavor and filling! My son had their hummus platter and needless to say, he also loved his dish! All at happy hour prices. My bill came to less than $20. Gotta love that!
We were in Phoenix on vacation, and this cozy place was recommended for a late lunch. We were greated and seated right away. Our server, Derik, was very helpful, explaining the menu and suggesting items. There were 3 of us dining, and all 3 of us ordered something different. When our food came out we were all shocked at how big the portions were! I had a steak salad that was excellent. The steak was perfectly cooked and the components of the salad fresh. My husband was equally satisfied with his meal. Special thanks to our server who recognized that we not from the area and pointed out what was downtown to see. It is a great little restaurant space to relax and share time with friends/family. We definately will be back.
I love FE!!! This is my go to spot for almost all of my grocery needs!! I love the produce section, even though its a lil on the expensive side, but you can always find organic! I adore the premade meals too, which is so convenient for me and my fam on those nights I don't feel like cooking. Plus, its good to be able to read and understand the ingredients on the packaging! The wine section isn't shabby either. This is the ONLY place where I will buy my Malbec....and the price is nice too. I can be finicky about my wine too so this hits the spot and tames the beast. They also sell my staples, quinoa, olive oil, nuts, coconut water, just to name a few. I am so glad this location is here to stay. ...FE is my spot and always will be.....
Breakfast is one of my favorite meals of the day and OVER EASY hits that spot! I had the signature dish OVER EASY, which is toasted brioche topped with spinach and fried egg. Oh so yummy! I also shared a cranberry scone. The place is small but if you go on a Sunday before 9am your sure to get a seat in no more than 5 mins. LIke Kristin says its cheap and oh yeah coffee was good too....anyway try it bc it is seriously tasty! I had some of my bf's french toast topped with caramelized banana and pecans. TO DIE FOR!!
I'm surprised at some of the bad reviews I've seen for Over Easy. The food here was fantastic! We're only visiting Phoenix for a week and we've already eaten there twice and plan to one more time. What really makes them stand out is the attention and care they put into the food. Every dish seems to have just a hint of extra spice or subtle flavor that elevates it above standard breakfast fare. This is not just grub thrown together. We've found it to be not just one of the best breakfasts we've ver had, but a great meal, period. Freshly made corned beef hash that has the look and texture of canned, but with a phenomenally fresh taste and a smokey sweetness that is amazing. Malt waffles that are delicately crisp but have a nutty subtext that will astound. The best, and I mean BEST chicken-fried steak I've ever had, and I love CFS. Again, it's the care. Crisp and fresh batter that has the texture and flavor of great fried chicken. A wonderful sauce that has a spice you can't quite place but makes it unique. Only beef: The pastries (we tried the blueberry muffins and the cinnamon roll) are obviously brought in and were waaaaaay overpriced and nowhere near up to the standards of the rest of the food. Avoid the baked stuff. Next trip it's the biscuits and gravy...can't WAIT!
Great breakfast place !! Fast service and friendly. Be prepared for food coma. I had chicken fried steak with over easy eggs and sweet tots it was greatttt !! $10 Caramelized banana pecan french toast $5 Orange juice pricey $5 glass I had wait about 5-10min to be served not bad! We will be back to try more good food !! :-)
This is always an annual favorite and despite my piss-poor training this year (2009), I still had a great time. Registration pick up was extremely easy and smooth. Keeping with family tradition, we cycled between the Michelob Ultra stand and the "Red Beans and Rice" stand at the Expo. I did about 20 laps on Saturday afternoon (did I mention my piss-poor training?). The race ran smoothly, as always. My only gripe is that the course takes you down the "fast food alley" of McDowell Road.....not exactly the most exciting path. But, it does end beautifully as you cross Tempe Town Lake to finish. I've gotta give props to the post-race snacks this year. Great chips and the Missile Pops took me back to 5th grade! We went through the food line and grabbed a couple, then went back to wait for my Dad to come across the finish line. If I had a dollar for every person that walked by and asked me where I got the Missile Pop, I could have paid for my registration! And, of course, the best was saved for last. After 13.1 miles, nothing beats the sweet, sweet release of a free Michelob Ultra.....always the highlight of this race for me.....see you next year.....hopefully, in a bit better shape!
This is my fifth Phoenix RNR...one marathon and four halfs. I've run Philly, Phoenix, Nashville, down in Florida and some other halfs in Atlanta. Phoenix is the best of the best. Keep up the great work...I'll be back for number six next year.
Very good.
I absolutely love this store. MAC has such an amazing line of cosmetics, so many colors, so many different types of makeup. This location is by far my favorite. The Scottsdale locations (Fashion Square) are a little too in your face and crowded, unlike this one. The staff here are very knowledgeable and so helpful. And I love how they keep your product on file - just incase you forget that beautiful shadow you used every last bit of.
Macy's, Oh Macy's!!! How great you are, I love coming here for the sales and the amazing service. They already know me by name, it's that bad I know.I shop often at this specific location inside PV Mall. I love the amazing service provided at the shoe department by both Michael and also ANDY!!! When there on the clock they are there to always help and they do it with a great deal of charisma!!! I love the great sense of humor they both have, they all do, but those two specifically!! Andy always makes me smile with his fabulous attitude!! This place is the place to come for awesome deals and great service!
I am not a huge fan of fast food but I make an exception with in and out. Their burgers actually taste like they are made with real meat and real ingredients that are fresh. Their fries are not super greasy and their milkshakes are icing on the cake
I started training with Tony Rice a year ago. I workout 3 times per week 1 on 1 with him for 1 hour sessions. I've been really impressed with how knowledgeable he is in the area of workouts and nutritonal advice. He helped me find a good online food journal and provided me with lots of recipes & ideas on how to eat healthy. He also caters the workouts to the individual clients needs and that is very helpful. Working out with him has really transformed my life. I've been going to gyms for 20 years now and yet have never gotten the results that I've gotten under the direction of Tony. I have a whole new outlook on how to workout harder and smarter and a good nutrition balance so that I can still enjoy life and also I have more energy. I like the individual 1 on 1 workouts but he also provides group classes as well and those are very popular. I would definately recommend working out with Tony. I have been very pleased with the results in the year that I've worked out with him. As you can see from my new address I will be moving to Los Angeles June 1st. I will definately miss the 1 on 1 workouts with Tony and it will be a challenge to find someone who possesses his motivation, expertise, and charisma. I would highly recommend his training services. Thank you Tony for a transformational year. Sincerely, Brent
Great selections and prices. Super easy to find what I need. They offer coupons, both on items and off total purchases, as well as specials on products needing to be consumed by the end of the day. I like many of the house brand products, especially unsweetened organic soy milk, eat well frozen meals, and the tortilla chips. I love that they clearance out low sellers such as certain scents of laundry detergent or cleaning products, etc. I have been shopping at this location for about 6 months and plan to continue until I am no longer in the neighborhood.
Awesome! Really! What a great surprise. Many years ago, we came here with friends. I remember it being good, but we just never made it back. The Metro Center mall, and the shopping area where this pub is located, has really gone downhill and there are a lot of empty storefronts. But the pub has remained, and after having another meal, I can see why. The food was so incredibly good! All of the entrees were beautifully presented. The seared cod was perfect - in fact, "the best cod I've ever had!!" was the comment. It came atop mashed potatoes which were described as "absolutely delicious" (and this from a mashed potato aficionado!) The shepherd's pie was traditional (lamb not ground beef!) and so tasty - yum, yum! The corned beef was cooked perfectly and very lean, served with tasty mash. We didn't get a starter because we knew one of the decadent sounding desserts was in our future. And the Bailey's bread pudding - ahhhh, melt in your mouth awesome. Our server was friendly, good sense of humor and checked back with us frequently to make sure we were happy. Awesome pub with food as good as any you'll find in a gourmet restaurant.
I had the best night out here last night. We were welcomed with live music. A man named AJ was playing with a friend and it was really good! The two of them played a great mix of music, from R&B to alternative rock. It wasn't overwhelming, like bar bands can be. The waitress says AJ has played there for a while. We ordered our beers and an appetizer- the garlic chips. They were yummy seasoned fries with an excellent garlic aioli. The garlic aioli was like a creamier version of the garlic sauce you get with your pita at a good Arabic restaurant. I I couldn't get enough of it. My boyfriend kept telling me to slow down, but he was stealing big globs of the stuff in his fries (that thief!). For dinner, I had the Bacon Onion Jalapeo flatbread and a side of coleslaw. The flatbread was great! The coleslaw wasn't super flavorful, but it was fresh and cooled my mouth down perfectly after consuming all those jalapeos. I highly recommend this place.
This review is from my previous visits- and going to another venue just to see JDV lit the fire under my ass to elaborate on my 'tip' from 4 months ago. After tearing Tommy a new one over the phone for allowing JDV to play in WestGate when he clearly does not belong there...lol, yeah, I tore him a new one...AS IF!! I wrote a freaking dissertation describing the horrible experience I had Saturday night & added to it Sunday morning...pretty severe and I'm surprised it is still a 'recommended review'!!! (Figured it'd be deleted). Back to the task at hand. It's difficult to describe the TF's experience in regard to quality - BECAUSE my standards are ridiculously high- so what can you say when each time you visit, they exceed expectations. I'm dying to try the yummy food- but I go alone - so between worrying I'll overindulge and then the potential for needing a nap afterward....I live vicariously by checking out all the dishes & asking about them to customers(I am a self proclaimed pest. Yep.). All I can say is: check it out. Plus if you yelp check in you get a free appetizer too. What's to lose?? (Also, the dudes behind the bar are pretty swank...nice eye candy and really nice--at the tables I'm pretty sure it's all female wait staff, no biggie but makes me happy that there's always a place for me at the bar)!!
I was in Phoenix for a conference and found The Breadfruit through a web search. It's just a short walk NW of the convention center. The first night I was there I was amazed at the bar's wall full of rum--more than 100 varieties, but more about that later. The dining area was rather small but I was able to get a table during the week (not the same story on a weekend night; reservations are recommended). The waitstaff had spot-on descriptions of the food and cocktails and was passionate about the fare. The menu had quite a lot of seafood options, from mussels to prawns to the catch of the day (red snapper when I visited). The scallops appetizer was delicious--two large, juicy scallops seasoned to perfection. I was glad I took the waiter's recommendation and ordered the prawns; the curry sauce was creamy with a mild flavor. Since I couldn't decide between that or the jerk, I had to come back a couple nights later to try the free range jerk chicken, which was savory and spicy. Both meals were exceptional, and my only regret was that I wasn't in Phoenix longer to try some other dishes. The meals ranged between $14 and $24. Now, back to the rum bar. The bar staff is very knowledgeable and friendly. During my two visits, I tried several of the cocktails and was not disappointed with any. Each drink was made with fresh ingredients and with a variety of rums. You'll not find Captain Morgan or Bacardi here; rather, rums from the Caribbean and Central America dominate, and they even have a rum from Tennessee with a bit of a bourbon taste. You'll also not find whiskey or vodka, just rum, Red Stripe, and wine. They offer some rum flights at a reasonable price, and it's a great opportunity to try different brands of rum and different ages. The owner and bartenders will tell you anything you want to know about the various rums--I felt like I should have been taking notes. I cannot recommend The Breadfruit highly enough and will definitely return again on my next visit to Phoenix. If you're traveling for a convention, steer away from the chain and concept restaurants at CityScape and try this independently owned authentic taste of Jamaica.
Great place to grab a quick lunch! Mama Mia's prepares good old fashion thin crust style pizza and the slices are huge! They have a wide variety of toppings and you can have different toppings on each slice. My favorite combo is 1 ham and pineapple, 1 pepperoni. They also offer salads, subs and calzones (expect an extra wait). There is also the original Mama Mia's at 40th St and Indian School. Special: 2 slices (cheese) and a can of soda- $4 even, (Add. toppings 25 cents). Their subs are also excellent!
best pizza and price in phoenix. the owner is awesome and the food is great. it is mainly a take-out place and theres not much room in the store except for a few tables but all in all best pizza and environment ive seen. also they will deliver alcohol if requested from next door (liquor store)
After a talk thread about pizza & all the recommendations for Mamma Mia's I knew I had to try it. On their yelp page they offer 15% off if you order online so I did. I ordered: the 14" cheese pizza w/pepperoni, the cheese calzone w/black olives & sausage & 2 cannolis. The pizza was freaking AMAZING! Seriously it was so damn good, I only wish I ordered the 18". I didn't try the calzone but my hubby assured me that it was delish. The cannolis, fuhgetbout it! So creamy & crunchy at the same time, yummm. They are close to my work so I will definitely be back for lunch during the week & possibly carry out after work for those nights I don't feel like cooking. BEST PIZZA EVER!
Tried the wings last night, pretty good but I am not much of a wings fan. Pizza was delicious as usual & the cannolis leave us wishing we ordered more. I think it should be made more clear that the 15% off is for 1st time customers only. Before I placed my order online I called to ask what code I use to get the 15% off & the guy on the phone informed me that it was a 1 time deal. He did however give me a code for $5 off a $30 purchase. When I entered in the code it gave me $15 off! Was that a mistake? Not sure but I got a 16" pizza w/pepperoni, 12 wings, 2 extra ranches, a 2 liter of Sierra Mist & 2 cannolis, plus tax, delivery fee & tip for under $20. Amazing deal!
Mama Mia's pizza is the best in town. I love their crust, and the quality of the toppings is apparent in the flavor of the pizza. The pasta menu is also rivals some of the better sit down restaurants in the valley. The service is always great, so you really can't go wrong at Mama Mia's. Keep it up guys!!
Best new jersey style pizza and chocolate chip cannolis ever!
I have been to a lot of Whole Foods stores all over the country and this is, by far, the nicest Whole Foods EVER in the history of Whole Foods. If you can show me one better, then I'll go there and check it out. I travel a lot for work and when I travel, I usually try to hit up a Whole Foods or anything similar so I can get my salad, sushi, fruit, sparkling water or whatever is healthy so I don't gain 20 million pounds on the road. I do end up spending more (that's why I like to call Whole Foods "Whole Paycheck") but I think I'm healthier for it. This Whole Foods in Scottsdale is AMAZING -- they sell clothes! They have a sit down wine and tapas bar. They have a taqueria. Granted, I didn't get a chance to really eat anything other than the salad bar (which is HUGE, by the way), but it was incredible. If you ever are in the area, you should go just to see how the other half live. There isn't another Whole Foods like this anywhere (if there is, please tell me where and please tell me it's in Atlanta). I can never go back to my little old regular Whole Foods ever again (just kidding).
Half side of the market is filled with hot ready to eat meals. I'm so glad I came in here. I'll never have to cook for myself again. ;)
This is the most amazing Whole Foods I have ever been to. It is huge and I'd say...quite wonderful! What I love: - The produce. I love to pick up their pre-packaged fruit when I am on the go (it is pricey though). - The reusable bags. They are dirt cheap and cute. I have a bunch to take my lunch in, etc. - The homeopathic products. I found Traumeel - my miracle for tendinitis - here. - The food bars/stations. There is a plethora of options for grabbing a quick and healthy bite to eat - I always pick up a Chinese rice bowl, but the options are SERIOUSLY endless.
The best Whole Foods in the Valley!! The store is gorgeous, the staff are hot, crunchy, sexy, granola types (totally worth the trip). The whole staff will BS with you and joke around, yet they are extremely knowledged on the food they sell. Some things can be a bit spendy ($25/lb for prosciutto)...but the cheese, the fruit, omg...And you can buy some vegan shoes while you're at it!!!
Craft brews on tap!!! Get lit before you spend lotsa money on stuff that you don't need but it looks so good you can't help yourself. This place is humongous, not always super crowded, clean and packed to the rafters with fabulous food. Best huge, corporate shopping venue in town.
I violated my rule of avoiding grocery shopping while hungry and decided to venture over to Whole Foods. Whole Foods tends to be the indecisive individual's nightmare (that would be me). Yet, this store is a foodie's dream. There are aisles upon aisles of glorious, wholesome products (pun intended). Everything is meticulously organized and there are at least ten varieties of every type of item. No joke. It took me fifteen minutes to decide which brand of bottled tea would be suitable (and economical). I roamed the freshly prepared food section like a vulture circling it's prey...strategizing which choice would be the best taste sensation. Did I want a made-to-order wrap? Or a glass of wine and a couple tapas? (the live music was alluring)...Maybe sushi? Pizza? Salad bar? Soup? Maybe something from the smokehouse...oooh! A cupcake from the cupcake bar? On and on it went. My final decision was sushi. The spicy tuna roll tasted fresh, and the Pacific salad roll was very crisp. I also grabbed a container of ginger for $1.99--not the artificially preserved pink variety--all-natural pickled ginger. Bliss. I purchased some cucumber salad from the salad bar as a side/palate cleanser. All in all, a very satisfying meal. Prices are a tad higher than your average grocery store. Then again, it is Whole Foods. A word of advise: come with a game plan (e.g. a shopping list). If you don't define what it is you want prior to entering this store, you'll end up spending two hours and twice as much money than you anticipated.
Kent, mark, Jessie and the rest of the juice bar knows what I want as soon as they see me ;). I trust them making my MRP right Everytime! Thanks to the crew.
Best Whole Foods I have been to in Arizona. Great selection on food and meats. The employees that work here are amazing! Always friendly!!
Northside Bar in the back corner! Ordered a local flight. At 11am (on a weekend haha). lots of yummy options with different types of food bars. Huge store. Spacious sitting area, and standing round tables, too.
I love this Whole Foods Store. They have an amazing selection of craft beers, wines and other organic produce - real expensive compared to what you can get at other stores, which is non-organic though. But what I really like about this store is the fact that you can get your meat grilled for a small fee - $2; seafood gets grilled for free! Not all Whole Foods stores give you this option. I also like their bakery section where you can buy full/half/one-fourth loafs of bread if you like some variety in your daily sandwiches. And also who doesn't like doing some grocery shopping drinking beer or enjoying good red wine? Sadly they don't carry Coke or Pepsi but you can something similar which tastes awful. The store is very nicely lit, has very friendly staff and just feels very lively.
I love this location of Einstein's!! The manager Mishelle is awesome and always remembers my name. The bagels are fresh and good. The coffee is a bit pricey for what it is but there is a Starbucks next door. They don't have wifi but like I said there is a Starbucks next door. The parking is ample because of the Safeway parking lot and I've never had to wait long at this location. Great for breakfast on the weekend. My favorite is the turkey sausage sandwich on asiago.
As good as it gets. If you want REAL fish and chips this is the only place in the Valley that will get the job done. It was like being back in England ... First Class Sir!
All right, Get off your shagging, high horse, forget your fast food, expect some (much needed abuse from Mark And Ruth (the owners) and stuff your face with the best fish and chips in the valley (coming from a "Brit" take it as Gospel) Poker night, a bar, bands, a British shop with all the yummy, very bad for you chocolate, crisps, sausage, meat pies, and all the other things that are sooooooo bad for us but oh, my god, taste...sooooooo good. Go here, forget your 60's and just enjoy the family run business that never fails to deliver.
I have been looking for good english fish and chips in Phoenix. This is my new favorite! The fish tasted extremely fresh and actually like English style fish and chips unlike so many other pubs around the valley. Great english beer selection!
This is the perfect place to find the "perfect" dress for Phoenix summer! I have purchased several of the Patio Dresses by Veronica M, and I basically live in them.
I hate doctors and avoid them like the plague. But sometimes you just have go to ... like when you have a bad cut on your thumb and (eventually) need 7 stitches. Was I just lucky? I was able to see someone in 15 minutes and they were caring and attentive. They give health professionals a good name. They also have some generous hours. A lot of urgent cares seemed to close at 8 pm.
I love it here. The staff are nice and the doctors show their concern. I don't live around here but I will drive far just to come here. I've taken my daughter to many urgent cares. And this is the best of yet.
Amazing super fast service!
The best breakfast burrito I've ever had. My mouth is still tingling with delight and heat as I type this. Really just happened to be waiting for my flight and did not quite want a breakfast I could get back at home.... aka a Wendys breakfast. The Blue Burrito Grill was right across the way. I had their "works" breakfast burrito which features freshly seared chorizo, scrambled eggs, and potatoes. It came with a small plastic container of hot sauce which went perfectly with the burrito. This is a quick stop and run type place without any seating. They do have a bar height table to stand at and stuff your face.
Definitely one of my fave spots in North Scottsdale to grab great dessert and some of the best coffee around. Every visit I've had, has been great. The guys, whom I'm assuming are the owners are always very cordial and helpful in assisting with a new dessert to try out and ensuring my experience was a positive one. I haven't had the opportunity to get a full meal there yet, but the food smells delicious and looks soo appetizing each time I visit, so that's on the to do list for the next stop in. I have to highly suggest the creme brulee- so far it's my favorite dessert item. The plating of everything makes all the dishes look like masterpieces! Bon Appetite! *check out the photo gallery on Cafepino- you maybe sold just looking at some of the pics I uploaded :)
Cafepino is awesome! Don't wait to try this wonderful bistro when you see a movie like we have. This place is like you are in a European /New York/San Francisco eatery. The staff is always at your table, the owners are like the captains of a ship wanting you to enjoy your experience. Hats off to the owners for this excellent find! The pizza, salad and ceviche was over the top!!!
We went back for the first time since they reopened after the fire and had an exceptional lunch. Chicken fried steak for one and fried chicken for the other. Both were more than substantial in size and flavor. The service was great.. It is nicer inside than it used to be. Can't wait to go back!!
Hippy hippy joy joy! The two hippies made me happy. How? In the midst of moving my wife from Phoenix to San Francisco and packing up boxes and boxes of stuff, she took me here for lunch. I had a chili dog that was hot, messy, and awesomely tasty. The toasted bun was an added plus. Along with that was a bag of the greasiest, yummiest fries in the world. Were they soggy? Well, yeah, but that's one of the things that made them so good. This is one of those rare places where you wish your stomach was twice as big so you could just keep eating. There was no soda machine or fountain, but these guys had the class to offer RC and Shasta sodas from their refrigerator, and that taste just topped off an already fantastic meal with something more. Oh, and by the way, the whole shebang was $5! There ain't much to this place, there are padded stools, a bar to eat on, lots and lots of hippy decor, and a kitchen that's always sending out smoke and delicious smells. This place is ultra yum. Forget about the fast food places--Two Hippies pwns them all. Better food, more of it, and cheaper too. Stop thinking about it--turn off your mind, relax, and float downstream. It is believing.
I love this place!! Danny is awesome and the whole concept is totally mind blowing!! From the LP's on the cowling, to the wild funky hippie music, which makes you want to smoke pot, is totally rad man!! Lol! Seriously, the Magic Mushroom Burger with Sunshine Sauce is amazing! Ya gotta try this place!!!
Best priced and taste in town! Nice service! The fish tacos are huge! The magic mushroom burger is the best burger in town!
One Man, One Espresso Machine, A Lot of Love and a great cup of coffee!
One of the best sushi ever. Go during happy hour.
Yen is by far in my top 3 sushi bars. The staff are always friendly and chef Paul makes some tasty rolls. Happy hour rolls are a bit limited (I hope they add more), but they are delicious. My favorite is their Philly roll. Most places put cucumber or carrot, but Yen uses asparagus instead and wow what a difference. The calamari roll is very good (texture is not rubbery like other places I've been too *cough* Kabuki). If you want a roll without rice I recommend the rock and roll. This roll has salmon/tuna/avocado wrapped in cucumber. The chef uses skewers to hold them in place which makes for an interesting plating. This is a great little place and with amazing quality sushi.
If you want Scottsdale ambiance and a place to been seen, go to Ra, Stingray, Blue Wasabi or Pure. If you want excellent sushi at reasonable prices, go to Yen. The sushi is amazing and you and a date can escape for under $50. I highly recommend.
I am giving this a review keeping in mind what this place is: a charming little sushi restaurant wedged into a strip mall in an older Phoenix neighborhood. I have tried to come here and been dissuaded by a wait for seating in the past. This place is smaller - in a cozy way - and there is a reason it is full. Reverse happy hour specials, great service, generous portions, and high quality rolls make it a place worth visiting again! You will forget that you are in a strip mall once you are seated. Our server was attentive to the happy hour sake bombs and wine, and the guests (lots of younger people) were definitely happy to take advantage of this. Much of the happy hour rolls consisted of tempura rolls - not my favorite - but the price was good and everything was fresh. We ordered a Phoenix roll (written on a board as a "special") and that, along with the quail eggs, were the highlight of the meal. Don't be afraid to venture off the happy hour menu and try some amazing work-of-art rolls! I can see coming here again - happy hour or not - and venturing outside my box. There was not a single thing we ordered that wasn't amazing.
Awesome
Amazing happy hour and lunch menu! Good for date nights, groups, or families. Sushi is always fresh and tastes great! Drink deals are a plus with delicious green tea ice cream to end the visit. I highly recommend Yen Sushi!
I love yen sushi. I have gotten so many people into it and everybody agrees it is one of the best. U recommend get their early if u are trying their happy hour because they get busy. My favorite rolls are the spicy tuna, playboy roll and the shrimp tempura.
I cannot believe that I haven't reviewed Stacy's yet. This place is amazing. You will be convinced as soon as you step out of the car and smell the smoking meat filling the parking lot with a salivating aroma. It is small, sparse decor, skimpy tables and chairs, but the food makes up for it. The fried chicken, made fresh when you order so it takes a while, is probably the best that I have ever had. The bbq sandwiches are awesome, too. The fried okra and fried pickles are fantastic. The menu is extensive, bbq sandwiches, bbq ribs, chicken, beef, pork, fried catfish and fried chicken. There are a ton of sides, okra, beans, collard greens, mashed potatoes, fried pickles and more. It is way too hard to order just a couple. And you can wash it all down with some sweet tea, or Kool-Aid or an Orange Crush in a bottle. If you are still hungry, you can have some red velvet cake or another homemade dessert. For some bad ass southern comfort food, it doesn't get any better than this. Forget about all the other bbq places. Stacy's is the only one you need to know. And bring cash, no debit or credit cards are accepted.
I passed by it for almost a year thinking, man that place looks wacky but if it stays in business it must be good. So I finally made it in and boy am I glad! Their food is very good. Meat is very smoky without feeling too dry or tasting burnt - well, it is a little dry but with a little extra sauce its perfect. Their greens are the best I've ever had. Its salty, but I think that's part of the appeal of soul food isn't it? I dunno, this place is pretty tasty. I hope they don't raise the prices though!
I searched Phoenix far and wide for a killer BBQ place and it took my a while to work up the courage to enter this tiny purple establishment. And boy did it pay off. I have been back at least 5 different times. The pulled pork is excellent. The rib tips are excellent. The french fries are crunchy. The deep-fried corn on the cob is a must try. The mac and cheese, obviously, is stellar. I have yet to try their pies, but all look incredible. It's no fancy digs, but when it comes to meat, you can't go wrong here.
I recently moved to AZ from Cali a few months ago and when I got hungry for Asian food (Udon specifically) I Googled udon and a location called Kanpai came up..well after reading further it seemed like the wrong website for the location but I decided to give it a shot anyway...Boy am I glad Google made that mistake...I have now gone to at least 1/2 a doz diff locations in the phx/Scottsdale area not to mention all the ones Ive gone to in Cali and this place by FAR takes the cake. The sushi is some of the freshest Ive had and the texture is perfect..the Albacore melts in your mouth as does the cured salmon (which isnt on the menu btw) The 2nd time I went in I brought my roommate and we sat at the bar, We introduced ourselves to the chef whose name is E.J. we talked back and forth etc etc..well a few weeks later I went in and E.J. Instantly remembered my name and proceeded to ask how my roommate was by name. The next time I went in I talked for about 20min with one of the owners...You can tell they take a lot of pride in the quality of the food and customer service. Kampai has been there for 18 years was one of only 6 other sushi houses, now there are over 200 different restaurants in Scottsdale/phoenix alone. Dont be fooled by the fact that its located in the back of a small center next to a bowling alley..its a hidden gem in the rough!
What can I say I'm a reg here...two or three times a month and it's awesome. May be a little bias but #1 in my opinion.
DO NOT LISTEN TO ALL THESE HATERS WHO MISS THE OLD MANAGEMENT!!! The change could not have been better in my opinion! Under the old management, it felt really tense, awkward, and unfriendly. The sushi chefs, especially the older man, would simply not talk with anyone at the sushi bar seating; you basically had to FORCE conversation on them to fill the uncomfortable silence, provided you were outgoing enough to break the ice. Every time you needed something, it was unclear who to ask, and you felt like a pest. The selection of food items was super limited and weak; especially the rolls. There was only a short list of rolls, and most of them were kinda lackluster. I recently decided to give the place another try, and was pleasantly surprised....no, BLOWN AWAY by the new management! They were playing rock music, a nice lady greeted me, and the new sushi chef "Kasper" is literally the COOLEST AND MOST INTERESTING CHEF I HAVE EVER TALKED TO!!! We hit it off so well right away that he made me an amazing custom roll that he let me design myself, and we quickly became Facebook friends. He'll treat you so well and make you feel so comfortable that you'll want to leave him a much-deserved big tip. The menu has been expanded to include a huge selection of awesome, tasty, creative, modern rolls. Trust me, I eat a lot of sushi and have tried most places in the valley, and you won't get this kind of low-key, one-on-one experience anywhere else! This place now RULES!!!!!!!
The sushi chef is amazing! I don't understand why some people don't like this place I guess it depends on what they are comparing it to. The food is excellent and again the sushi chef is the best! I'd give them 10 stars if I could. I will be coming back!
Waffle fries and Polynesian sauce is where it's at. Sure, the chicken is good but the fries. Oh the fries, it's enough to make sure I never move to a state that doesn't have Chik-Fil-A again. I suffered a long 4 years in Wisconsin, a state devoid of the chicken-y goodness that is the Chik-Fil-A. Sure, they had Steak and Shake but one can only subsist on Cheese Fries and Singles for so long before the urge for some Polynesian sauce comes through. So when we moved out here, it was like God shone the light of heaven down on the state and said, "Settle here Megan and grow fat on fries and nuggets." Hey, you gotta listen to God. So 3 years later, I'm making sure I give a cardiologist a job by eating coleslaw, nuggets, fries, and Polynesian sauce. P.S. Did you know you can now order online for pick up or delivery at Chik-Fil-A? Awesome.
i have two words for you: herb baguette. I'm not a bread lover but this baguette doesn't need anything to taste good. Forget butter and don't bother dipping in olive oil. How is it possible that bread be so moist, dense, airy and flavorful all at the same time? I have no freakin' idea and that's why I have to buy from Gluten Free Creations, because there's no way I could replicate that. Okay okay I have no qualms with gluten. I don't really care what it is because it doesn't seem to affect me negatively, but why should only the celiac kids get the good stuff? And yes, I have tried to find this place twice before and failed (are gluten eaters stupid-er? possibly) but third times a charm when I stopped in this week. I'll admit it, I was looking for a cupcake. I think we all know about my cupcake addiction. GFC sells cupcakes in a 4-pack, which I can't support because that means I have to eat 4 cupcakes and I'm already killing myself at the gym for my one-at-a-time habit. But seriously, they had gluten free banana cupcakes! I was so sad they didn't have a spare to sell me...so sad I bought the mini herb baguettes and a brownie. The brownie was a two-person affair, a big frozen delight filled with thick chunks of chocolate. I couldn't tell the difference between it and a gluten-full brownie and that made me very happy. I think it may be time to start the "what makes a good brownie" debate; I feel like it will be a volatile one. I like them chewy with chunky bits. But the fluffy ones are nice too. Truly though, the hero of the day was the herb baguette, which is a little smaller than a 6-inch sub, takes a long time to toast, but is worth the wait. I topped one of mine with farmer's cheese, roasted garlic and roasted red peppers. And I sat at the table crying because I knew each bite I took meant there was one less to take in the future. I love you Gluten Free Creations. I'm feeling smarter already.
THE BEST CAKE EVER!!! I had my wedding cake made at GFC, because I am allergic to wheat and milk. The cake was beautiful and the best tasting frosting I've ever had. I have been craving that cake ever since!
Friendly service is just the beginning. The food is good, I have not been disappointed yet. Try the chicken chili.
Based on a recommendations from my friends at Downtown Phoenix Journal, we ventured to La Piccola Cucina. This brand new spot on 7th St just North of McDowell on Oak is fit into a Tudor-style home. Immediately I appreciate the historical preservation that is going on here. The front patio is filled with cafe tables with red umbrellas, inviting on a summer evening or during the Spring but not at 5:00. We were greeted inside by co-owner Debbie who brought us around to the dinner case. La Piccola Cucina is very different than most restaurants you will come across. Part old-world Deli, part Luby's Cafe, diners can chose their meal a-la carte or can, for $9.99, pick up one "protein" and two vegetables. Strange as that sounds, it actually works very well. Their "protein" selection is made up of veal, pork, and asparagus stuffed meatloaf, turkey, a couple different chicken selections, stuffed pork, and a few other meat dished. Their vegetable sides ranged from ratatouille, orzo, zucchini, asparagus, potatoes, beets, and a few different salads. This wide selection allows you to cater to your taste buds for the evening. The woman in line behind me was a vegetarian and she was able to order a nice selection including a salad. My wife ordered the meatloaf with orzo and potatoes while I had the pork with ratatouille and zucchini. My pork was excellent, covered in a fig reduction glaze that really brought life to the pork. The ratatouille was one of the best dishes I had ever had combining sweet and fresh tastes perfectly. The zucchini was good but could have used some garlic and salt. My wife raved about the potatoes and thought the orzo was quite good as well. Then we got to the meatloaf. I am not a meatloaf person but my wife loves it. I was intrigued by the sound of it but I am a pork person and will almost always order it. This meatloaf was more along the lines of a toasted meatball than an American meatloaf. Filled with veal and pork (two essentials in making a good meatball) it was perfectly crisp on the outside and had a small scoop of tomato sauce on top. The flavors were a perfect mix while each was distinctly unique and separate. Definitely a meal I would recommends to any and everyone. The drink fridge was filled with an interesting mix of beverages you would find at Cost Plus or AJs. No beer but a nice fruit-soda and mineral water selection. Of course, they also had a fully functional cafe with coffee and espresso drink selections. If they could get a BYOB permit, they might really take off. As we finished our dinner, the dessert counter that had been calling my wife was explored. Mini cheesecakes of assorted flavors, personal (slightly bigger) caramel cheese cakes, chocolate mousse, cream puffs, cannoli, tiramisu, and some traditional Italian cookies. Everything looked exquisite but my wife, predictably, went for the caramel cheesecake. I, however, directed my attention at the gelato bin that contained about 10 different flavors. I went directly for the mint chocolate (my weakness) but there was chocolate, limoncello, blood orange, some coffee flavor, and some others. All were beautiful rich colors but the mint was all mine. Both desserts were fabulous. There is a need for a traditional Italian pastry deli in downtown and there is definitely a need for a gelateria. This fills both needs and is a short stroll through the Coronado neighborhood from the light rail. La Piccola Cucina also serves sandwiches for the lunch crowd at around $7 or $8 a piece and they sound wonderful. This place is highly recommended and will positively see our business again.
I went there for lunch on the weekend. They weren't busy. So I don't know what to say about service issues others have faced... if you are going for nighttime, it may be different. I'm giving 5 stars because we thought the food was extremely good, and frankly, cheap for what you get. Therefore, outstanding value. One of the better values we've discovered recently. We had a couple appetizers and two entrees (sandwiches). The standout in my opinion was the steak sandwich, which was probably the best steak sandwich I've ever hard. With perfectly cooked, juicy pieces of meat and a zesty Gorgonzola cheese. For desert, my wife had gelato, I had a cannelloni. What made the cannelloni so good was it was stuffed "just in time" so that the shell was super crisp and light, and the cream inside cold and good. Perfection compared with most places, where the shell absorbs the moisture. I'll be back. I do think it's more of a casual deli kind of feel, but in a really cool neat restaurant and for the price and the quality of food, I really felt that 5 stars was warranted, and I don't give out a ton of those.
I love Andy if you don't get this lovable guy your not human. Here is a guy that has spent his life loving food and trying to pass this on to his patrons. He has been a great radio host for many years with great respect and should be continued to be respected for all his years of service to the community. I have visited Andy's place many times and the food is always a treat for me and my friends. Andy keep up the good works and all the great food. We love you.
Excellent Italian. Very unique, homey, and quaint atmosphere. Authentic cuisine and character that are all too rare in the valley.
The menu is huge and there is something for everyone. They serve breakfast all day and the food is always great.
Ate here for breakfast with my entire office. Food was great, service was also great. Deli had a wide variety. I had the French toast, highly recommended!
Smoked here twice shop here endlessly and have no complaints. The guy who owns the place is awesome and cracks me and my boyfriend up everytime we come to buy sheesha. Great for a kick back time with a few friends or you significant other. Strawberry Margarita mixed with mint is amazing!
Went to Il Posto tonight....service (from Asia) was prompt, friendly and professional. I had the Caesar salad and seafood Manicotti, both were on point and delicious. My companion had the Pasta Fagoul soup and Seafood fetuccini special and both were incredible! This is a great liltte neighborhood Italian place (as it's been for years). Highly recommended!
Love this place and you can't beat the special Mon-Wed, Amazing!!!!
Hello Friends, Today I found myself hungry before an appointment off the 51 and Bell Road. I remembered a small coffee shop right nearby and drove there to see what was in store. Little did I know, Mocha Bianca, has much in store for those with an appetite for good food and drink! Outside, Mocha Bianca is very unassuming. It is within a small shopping plaza, but their sign will stand out to you from the road. Upon entering I was immediately greeted by their staff. Their establishment has a very cozy coffee shop feel - complete with sofas, dining tables and local artist's artwork on their walls. They also offer free wireless Internet. Their menu is plentiful! At Mocha Bianca, one can order breakfast or lunch. They have a complete coffee bar, where they can make specialty coffee drinks for you. I went with my usual standard of late, The Caramel Machiatto. All I can say, DELICIOUS. Generous caramel and what seemed to be an extra shot of espresso, I find myself flying this afternoon. :) They sure can give Starbucks a run for their money! If coffee is not your standard, you can also purchase tea frappes, coffee-free drinks, or smoothies made with real pureed fruit. For their food menu, they have bagels and various breakfast sandwiches for their breakfast customers. For lunch, one can choose one of their various hot or cold sandwiches, as well as their Chicago Style Hot Dogs. Salads are also available for those craving a lighter fare. On this particular day, I opted for one of their daily specials, a bean and cheese burrito with green chilies. The burrito had just enough "kick" to it, along with it being a modest serving not to be overwhelming. Their staff is most accommodating and friendly. If only major chains like Starbucks would take a lesson from Mocha Bianca. They know how to do service with more than a smile, heartfelt service, and delicious food and drink. I look forward to dining at Mocha Bianca again very soon!
Very friendly and detail driven. These folks are awesome to work with
I just got back from a family reunion in AZ and if I still lived there I would be thrilled to make this my resident studio. The staff were super friendly and welcoming and the prices were on par with other studios I've been to. I brought my sister to her first class and the instructor (I think it was Heidi) was really great about giving her (and the 5 other newbies) pointers on many of the poses. AND she was cracking jokes, by far the most I've ever laughed in a Bikram class. The room is the biggest I've been in, which in some ways was really nice but if you aren't early you can end up in the back row with no mirror space :( Huge locker rooms too, that alone deserves 5 stars!!
I recently moved into the area and starting going to Bikram Yoga Paradise Valley about a week after moving here. Everyone was very welcoming and supportive. I really appreciate how they really personalize your experience and try to get to know you. I also love how affordable it is!! I am a student and they give a nice discount to me as a result and that really helps. I am also really looking forward to taking advantage of my one free private lesson!
Loved the food, service and clean environment! My grandma and I eat out every Tuesday night and she had coupons for a place called, "Culver's". It had burgers so I was game. We had double cheeseburgers, fries and drinks. She also got the cement shakes, or whatever they were called and loved them. The burger was really tasty and the fries were nice and hot! The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. It had a large, clean dinning area and seemed to be family friendly. They also had TVs for the guys! I have already told several friends about this place and I only had it last night for the first time! I say that would warrent a "woohoo"!
Alright, I'm just gonna say this, I enjoy their burgers more than In N Out, and I LOVE In N Out. Fries are "ok" and you can add tons of toppings to your dessert. TONS of variety on the menu. A few nice TVs scattered about. It's a great place. Try it!
Fast service as usual, and they are always nice. The food tastes great and the prices are very good for what you get.
Services and food were excellent.
My girlfriend and I love to go to Arriba whenever we feel like we want to go out to eat and don't want to take a chance on the food being subpar. This past weekend not only was the food delicious, but additionally the service we received exceeded outstanding. My mother had bought us a 40$ gift card for a date night out, and upon arriving to the restaurant we asked the waitress to check the amount of money that was on the gift card. After checking she returned telling us that the card had never been loaded, and was thus empty. I called my mother to see if she still had her receipt, which she did. She proceeded to call the restaurant and talk to the new general manager, Dan, who was kind and generous to all of her inquiries. He recognized that a mistake had been made and comped our entire meal, as well as giving us the number of the card that was supposed to have to original 40$ on it. The food was spectacular as always, and will Dan's intervention the meal was a complete success, I cannnot wait to return to this location as I'm sure we will have an amazing time.
In the past I have opted for the drive through and drive home really fast so that my car dries off, but this time I went for the $17 full service option...and it was so worth it! The guys who took care of the vacuuming/interior cleaning did a fantastic job! Seriously, my car have never been cleaner. They even vacuumed my seats and cleaned the up the crumbs around my emergency break. And the whole thing was done in less than 10 minutes. Well worth every penny.
Awesome Happy hour + Chambord margs = even more awesomeness! I love this place. Even full price their amazing margaritas are still a bargain. But go for happy hour, regular or reverse, it's the best! Southwest Caesar is aces, so is the mac and cheese!
yummy appetizers on happy hour and very decent drink specials! food was top notch and service is better than i could ever ask for! i had the pleasure of being served by Derek, he was patient, there when i needed him, always smiling and engaging and most importantly informed me of the specials that weren't on the menu right away! i will be back!
My sister in law choose this place for her birthday Dunch. I have to say I'm glad she did. The drinks the appetizers and the entrees are phenomenal. The service was on point and the
Excellent food, excellent service and a very short walk from the light rail make this a perfect place for dinner. It's a small place so larger groups may have to wait a little longer than a traditional restaurant but the food is worth it and the wait staff is excellent.
Maizie's has been a favorite of mine for nearly two years now and I can't believe I'm just getting around to writing a review. Bad Cookie. My fiance and I hit up Monday night burgers just about every Monday. We try to wrangle friends out sometimes, but it can be hard when having kids tend to suck them into the vortex of... well... wherever they go. That's fiiiiine, really, cause we just belly up to the bar and meet new peeps and hang with the kick ass bartender Tina. The burgers are always quick and very tasty. I've started getting the sweet potato fries and they rock. Perfect crunchy on the outside/soft inside. The ciabatta bread the burgers come on is fantastic. Also noteworthy at Maizie's are the pizzas. Yum. They have a Tuesday special that I wish was on another night because I feel a little weird hitting them up two nights in a row. I don't want to be those people, ya know? The brunch is also fantastic. I just love this place and haven't had a bad meal or bad service here. Ever. Last, I love how dog friendly this place is. We often bring the pooch and she is always treated like the pretty princess she is. They give her a bowl of water and a cheeto looking treat she loves.
I've been here a couple of times and have enjoyed both visits. The staff has always been friendly, the food is really good with a decent variety of options. Good drink selections and the prices are definitely fair. Our last visit one of my friends had the cheese cook out of her "inside out" burger. She would have been happy with just a side of crumbles, but they quickly refired the whole patty. They can be a tricky thing to pull off and my southwest burger had plenty of cheese to it, but it was nice they were able to correct a cooking mistake without any hassle.
Maizie's is a perfect local spot! It's our go-to when we want to take our dog, Tilly, to dinner. Big, friendly patio with great misters when it's hot outside. Food is always good and the staff is super friendly. Check it out on Tuesday night for a pizza pie and pitcher of sangria. You won't be disappointed and neither will your furry best friend!
My almost 3-year-old son loved this place! It's a nice respite during the miserable summer weather. It's perfect for kids his age. There was something for all interests--visual, art, tactile, everything! I love that all the rooms are kid-sized, including the sinks in the bathroom and a separate/lower hand-rail on the stairs Probably not the best value for crawlers or older kids. But for 2-5 yr-olds, it's a wonderful place! The only annoying part are the parents who don't lead their kids by example. Saw some pretty poorly-behaved, rude, and bully kids there. But that has nothing to do with the museum. Just a sad commentary of the lack-of parenting skills out there. Anyway, we love the museum and think that it's the best $9/person we've spent all summer!
Yes, it's pricey, so I got a membership. Yes, the membership is pricey - but if you go frequently (and you'll want to with the hot summer months) you'll get your money's worth and then some. The place is big enough that you can do different exhibits for each trip. Great place to take the grandparents to watch the kids in their element, too!
Went to the Yelp part for the first time w/my hubby and had a great time. If I had kids I would take them to the museum.
A must do with kids in Phoenix. Easily the best children's museum I've ever been to. Huge, fun, full of variety. The giant tree structure that greets you when you walk in is amazing - I wish I got the chance to play in one of those when I was a kid!!! The grocery store was beautiful wreck - my kids went nuts running from station to station, shopping, paying, restocking, making pizza, serving pizza. They were on fire. It's a bit expensive - $11 for a 1 year old? Really? But hey in the end if you're kids are 2+ you'll get your moneys worth.
So many different activities for everyone to enjoy. Entrance price of $11 is very reasonable. Food in the cafe is healthy and tasty. The grammar teacher in me would like the sign in the cafe corrected. It has 5 spelling and punctuation errors. I know, I am just being picky. This is a wonderful place to enjoy on a hot Phoenix day!!
Go for brunch! It's like a buffet, but everything is cooked fresh to order.
We ordered a METRO pizza (just pepperoni and cheese) for pick up. HILARIOUSLY huge box. It took up the entire back-seat length of my Honda CRV. The pizza was delicious. I think everything has been said about Pizza A Metro already but it really is some good pizza. I need to go back and try the pasta now. It is really small and warm, so I will need to go in the winter when it's cooler. But I am sure it is worth the heat. I wanted to save the pizza box and use it to store wrapping paper in it but my husband wouldn't let me. booo. It went to the recycle bin.
X-mas eve '09. Many places were closed or stupidly crowded.I ventured into Pizza A Metro on Thomas w/my hungry date & had the best dinner experience the valley could offer.Every dish from apps to desert were delicious. Service was great.You dick-heads that were tortured in some foo-foo joint should be ashamed.Try anything on this menu ASAP.---PS Don't let the exterior fool you. KC
I love this place. Yes it's tiny, and yes it's in a crappy strip mall and yes it's a tad pricey, BUT it is some of the best authentic true Italian style Neapolitan pizza and pasta in Phoenix. They make everything from scratch, including the mozzarella, from very fresh, high end ingredients. If you know real italian food, you can really tell the difference. I have spoken to the owner and staff many times, and they know they are a little pricey, but they want to maintain the high quality standards. And it's not like they are expensive by any means. I have no problem paying a couple extra dollars for great quality. Someone compared this place to Pinos. Pinos has great NY style pizza, not Italian style Neapolitan, so you cant compare them because they are very different styles. That makes it clear that the reviewer didn't have a clue what they were talking about. I prefer Neapolitan, so I prefer Pizza A Metro to Pinos. The ingredients are much fresher and higher quality. Plus the staff at PIno's tend to be rather rude and they nickle and dime you over everything, so I only go there if I am in the mood for NY style, which they do well. The pizza is excellent and authentic, as is the pasta. The pollo parmesan is fantastic. The sauce is true Italian style and very fresh. They serve fresh bread made from pizza crust with all pasta. I usually ask for marinara sauce instead of the olive/onion mixture and mix it with some olive oil. A previous reviewer says they stopped serving it, but that's definitely not correct. They only serve it with pasta, not pizza, so that may be the confusion. My favorites are the Pizza with meatballs, the pollo parmesan and the capricciosa pizza. And the Vodke Penne is just amazing. The cannoli are delicious, if a bit over priced. Pizza A Metro is truly a gem in Phoenix - an authentic Italian restaurant like you might find in an Italian neighborhood in a larger city. The food is excellent, authentic and fresh. The staff is friendly. I go there a few times a month and have never had a bad experience. Check it out.
Very accommodating and friendly. Great food.
Very good Pizza, really great service. True it is in a dodgy area. But, all big city's are like that. The place is small inside. But, you can always take it to go if you don't like that. It smells wonderful when you come in. Great food cooking! There is enough parking for what you need to do. We think the food is great here and we love it!
I always see this place because it is right by my work and finally decided to give it a try. Absolutely love it!!! The pizza is amazing! I have also had the Chicken Cesar Salad, which is pretty yummy as well. As an appetizer they give you baked dough pieces with a tomato vinegarette dipping sauce. The staff is very friendly and always smiling. I love Pizza A Metro!
Finally good pizza in the west, real good
We went to The Farm today for lunch to enjoy a picnic on such an awesome beautiful day. I had the Tuscan sandwich and it was awesome. I had expected it to be good but was surprised at just how enjoyable it really was. I'm sure sitting outside in beautiful surroundings on a perfect day helped with the experience. This is the prefect place for lunch on a beautiful day. My date was equally impressed so I'm sure I will be back!
I absolutely love the Farm. It's a great place to bring out of town guests and always nice just to walk around on a day you don't have much else going on and enjoy the gardens and a yummy treat. I had plans to meet a friend for lunch here yesterday but she had to cancel and I thought why should I miss out, so I packed up the baby and we went ourselves. I had a delicious roasted vegetable and portobello sandwich which only could have been better if the veggies and mushrooms were warm. After my sandwich we walked around and looked and the chickens, what was growing in the gardens and enjoyed some of the raspberry bar I bought with lunch. What a perfect lunch.
After a day at Encanto park the kids (and the wife) wanted ice cream. After doing a quick search in Google maps via iPhone I found Pink Spot. It felt more like a coffee shop than an ice cream shop which I loved. It had leather couches and chairs as well as the typical table and chairs. They're also connected to a pizza joint so you have lots of options as far as food, drinks, dessert. The ice cream selection seemed to be in line with a Baskin Robins with a few unique flavors of their own. One of my favorite things was that they had an espresso machine and advertised lattes and coffee drinks as part of their regular menu. They even have happy hour with $1 lattes after 6 pm. Oh yeah and free wifi!! Overall a very awesome place for a tasty treat. Check it out!
Sundae for Sunday. Pink spot helps me go through the summer heat.
Terrific place! Two words: Chai Latte. Delicious! Best coffee drink I've ever had. The Clucker breakfast sandwich is awesome too. Eggs, ham (or bacon or sausage) and cheese on a bagel is elevated to sublime by juicy tomato and peppery arugula. We have also gotten ice cream there. The mint chocolate chip was very tasty with nice delicate mint flavor. Overall, a very cute place with exceptional coffee and food!
This place is a winner. My husband had the ice cream taco and I had a chocolate frozen banana (so awesome that they sell these here!). Both were great. Also, it's inexpensive and the staff working here are friendly (at least they were the night we visited).
We live right near at the lofts and were having a huge Super Bowl party. We ordered a huge order and they were super quick and got every single order right which was shocking!!! And the best sundaes ever!! I got the hunky monkey and our other friends got the black and white sundae which has hot fudge, whipped cream, cookies!!! Yummy!!!! And I even tried their chocolate chip cookie ice cream!!! The vanilla was so smooth and so delicious I was giddy!!! Will definitely order delivery again!!!
Just had "the clucker" for breakfast! Awesome, I recommend this place... Great ambiance, great food, great service....and on top of all of that, breakfast is served whole day and they deliver!
I was in town for a convention and discovered this place on Yelp. When I saw the "store closing" sign on the door, I made it a point to stop in whenever I could. It definitely provided a respite from the HOT days, especially the one evening where I decided to run 3 miles without bringing any water with me. Really enjoyed the pear gorgonzola ice cream, and never had an issue with any other food I ordered. But I most appreciated the service - prompt and friendly. Thanks especially to Angie for the super-friendly chat! I'm a big fan of small mom-and-pop shops and hopefully that place will be resurrected somewhere nearby, soon!
If I could give this place a higher rating than 5 stars I would. Great place with wonderful clothes, jewelry, records, etc. ....and at a very fair price...best of all the woman working there was amazing! VERY VERY VERY nice...helpful...friendly. Helped me more than I could ever ask for and didn't try to sell me a thing. Fabulous place and I will be back for sure!!!
So yes, I like owls. (It's not an addiction yet.) Both real and ceramic, but I tend to go for the ceramic. Less mess... Hollywood Regency Vintage is a great place to shop for owls or really anything cool or unusual and vintage. First, they always have spectacular window displays. If you are stuck waiting for something at the pharmacy next door they are worth checking out, just for the window displays alone. (Maybe they could start up a B&B... some of those displays look very comfortable. A night spent in their window display could be fun.) Second, I found the sweetest most amazing charm bracelet ever in the history of the world there, and I don't even like charm bracelets... well, now I do. Third, the owner and the lovely girl that works there know their stuff. If you are looking for something in particular they will help, but they never bother you. You can spend hours at the thrift store, but when you drive away empty handed drive over to this cool little store and you will find something. Perhaps something you never even knew you wanted or needed... a bird cage, brooch, tea set, boots, scarf, ceramic owl (with the Goldwaters' price tag still firmly attached at the bottom) something will call out to you. They also won't yell if you accidentally let their cat run away, or if your five year old acts like a five year old. (They have lolly pops to shut small children up, so smart.) They are warm and welcoming and they have lots of amazing things to buy at reasonable prices... for all the hard work they put in to finding these treasures. But stay away from the owls... they're mine.
Love he drive through. If you do go inside the staff is super rad. They are knowledgeable and very fast. This is defiantly a busy store, so everything is always fresh! Great study spot. Free WIFI.
I love this Target! I have been shopping here for about 3 years, ever since I moved into the neighborhood. The staff is friendly/helpful when it comes to returns/exchanges, finding an item/aisle & check out. Sometimes the lines can move slow & parking can be difficult, but hey that can happen anywhere! I have only gone grocery shopping here once but I love stopping in for random items. I usually come out with way more than I intended to buy coming in, but it's hard to pass up cute stuff I don't need for cheap ;)
I have been here twice and have not yet been disappointed. The service is as it should be. The food is as good as my Grandmothers food, She came from Puerto Rico and live and passed there. It is a must place to eat real Cuban and Puerto food.
I love this place and eat here too often. They can have some long lines, but it moves quick. The employees are very frriendly. Love all the TVs that are always on sports. The subs are amazing. I get either the club or the Big Kahuna, both are awesome. They're definitely on the pricier sub, but if you want a $5 footlong with processed cold cuts and stale bread, you know where to go, if you want a good quality sandwich, Jersey Mike's is for you.
Al-Hana makes me sad for one reason: I am so in love with the falafel that I still haven't had a chance to try their world-famous cheese pizza thingies. For the uninitiated, Al-Hana is the restaurant that occupies one corner of Baiz Market, the amazing Middle Eastern grocery at 20th and Roosevelt. If you want amazing food, period, you gotta eat here. The pitas are baked in-house and they are amazing. flavorful, soft, just chewy enough, and perfect. The falafel is seasoned perfectly and fried to a crunchy perfection. The babaganouj is impressive, as is the Hummus. The only thing I am not 100% in love with is the Tabbouleh, which is just a tad short on lemon flavor for my taste. If you're feeling like a salad, I would recommend the fettoush salad instead, as it is an unexpected delight. The set up is a bit on the disorganized side: The menu board is an incomprehensible mess, so you're better off asking for a menu, or even better, describing what you want to the helpful staff. The food does take a bit of time, so feel free to explore the market while you wait. Al-Hana is a great place to take people who think that Phoenix is just a city full of Macaroni Grills and Cheesecake Factories. They will be surprised at what unique, authentic spots we have here in town....but you might want to warn them about the whole goat in the butcher department first.
I'm writing this update on Al-Hana to let everyone know they've made some changes recently and for the BEST! The Baiz Market is pretty much the same. It's a wonderful Middle Eastern and Mediterranean food market and THE BEST place to buy olives, oils, middle eastern spices and pita bread!! 2 for $1and it's fresh daily! Al-Hana~ "take a deep inhale as you enter the Baiz market, awe...." It's the same wonderful aroma and quality of food but they've made some changes to their menu. Yes, that's right I said menu. They have menu's now! They are nicely done with full color pics of most dishes so no more guessing and no need for an interrupter! Their dishes have changed. They've added rice to most of their dishes at no extra charge. In fact they lowered their prices on a lot of things and changed up a lot of their entries to include rice, hummus and garlic sauce! The chicken and beef schawarma are both some of the best in town but I prefer the Shish Taook ~ two huge skewers of grilled to perfection chicken seasoned in taook spices on top of a large bed of seasoned and delicious rice served with hummus, mixed pickles, tomatoes and their garlic sauce. It is a HUMONGOUS plate full of tasty goodness that comes with two fresh pitas on top. It's enough food for two people, people! So be ready to share. Their garlic sauce and hummus are as good or better than anyone else's their Shish Taook will leave you wanting! I also recommend getting some of their small meat, cheese or cheese with spinach pies, the small square ones that are folded, heated for an appetizer and share a plate of hummus. Their small pies are full of flavor and the pie dough is awesome!! Plan to par-ooze the market while you wait for your food. Skip the pepsi coolers near the Al-Hana counter for your beverage and pick a beverage from the large coolers on the first aisle leading back to the produce. This is where you'll find just about anything and everything from the middle east to drink. Yes! They still have the same wonderful team of two guys cooking and the young lady running 100 MPH taking orders and serving everyone all at once. They have made some fantastic changes and they one of THE BEST places to go for your Middle Eastern and Mediterranean food fixes. I hope to see you there!
Had lunch here yesterday after hiking Camelback. My friend and I wanted something tongue-tickling and refreshing and grounding. So after a drive-by True Foods I remembered that I'd wanted to Chakra 4. Friend, "Oh cool, me too!" So we headed on over. After considering nearly every wrap we finally decided on a full-sized blueberry wrap. It and the accompanying side salad were the perfect size for the two of us. So we ate every morsel and sipped green tea outside under an umbrella. Service was quick and friendly. And I popped into the herb shop to search for a desert plant that'd moved me to "feelings of high joy" on my hike earlier! Well instead of urging me to just buy something, the knowledgeable shopkeeper advised me to pick the plant/flower that so called to me, from the desert myself. Finally we determine that it was creasote. I love herb shops and this is a sweet one.
I have found my new favorite veg friendly restaurant! First off, everything is organic and as local as possible. They don't have any mock meats, just pure food. They have salads, wraps, soup, desserts, starters, and entrees. Everything is vegetarian but can be made vegan, and a good portion of their items are raw. They have a wide variety of loose leaf teas (can be ordered in a small or large press), they have healthy shooters (I love the Alkalize Now), elixers, house-made almond milk (tastes divine with the Vanilla Rooibos tea!!), iced tea and more. As for the food, whoa mama! It's a culinary slam dunk in my opinion. I have had several dishes here, including: The Rawvacado Wrap with the nut cheese substitute, the Nori Rolls (I drool), The Kaleidescope Salad (seeds, nuts, fresh herbs, kale, carrots, celery, lemon vinaigrette, side of bread), and let's not forget the amazingly vegan/raw desserts. My favorite is the vanilla bean cheesecake! So good we had to order more! This place is a tad pricey for some, but for the quality of food you're getting, think of it as a tiny investment towards good health. The vibe is super chill and laid back and the staff is knowledgeable and friendly. When the bill is presented, they even give you a small bowl of fennel seeds to "help cleanse your palte and aid in digestion"! Will definitely continue coming here for great, healthy food!
This is really as good as it gets for a vegetarian. (Well I have been to better, but Phoenix is not Manhattan.) I wish I could have ordered about 5 menu items. Many good choices.
I love everything about this place!! They have a completely organic vegetarian menu and they do not cook with Canola Oil. They also offer gluten free and vegan items. I can rest assured that I am not eating any GMOs or processed food here which is so important to me and hard to find in a restaurant these days. They also offer an amazing large selection of teas and healthy beverages. The atmosphere is great too. It's a cozy little tea house in a nice courtyard area. A great place to hang out and relax while enjoying delicious nurishing meals!
OMG if this place was in San Diego, I would eat there 5 days a week. No joke. Wow. I ordered the zucchini kale vegan lasagna, kale salad with honey mustard dressing and a vegan gluten free kale pizza. I gotta tell ya- I feel so good after eating that scrumptious meal. Lauren was the most pleasant server I've ever encountered and this restaurant ranks in my top 5. Sage Kitchen is attached to an herbalist store and is so fitting. If you want a great meal without the crap ingredients and you live in AZ, come try this amazing food.
This is my new favorite restaurant! Everything that I have had here is superb and healthy! The combination of flavors is exceptional. My family now eats at Sage Kitchen regularly. The food is all fresh, organic, local and everything I have had has been outstanding. We are huge fans of the lasagna, the crispy kale pizza and the balsamic apple pizza. Also, I have never been a fan of vegan cheese. They offer a soft vegan cheddar.... not only do I LOVE it, it actually really DOES taste like cheddar, and I can eat it plain. It's out of this world. I wish they sold it in containers to take home. Service is always exceptional and friendly. Ambiance is very relaxing. Highly recommended.
Cloud nine... that's the way I would describe the way I felt right after my first facial EVER! When I entered, they took my name and lead me to their spa area. It was dimly lit and there was peaceful music. There was a dining area for those whose packages come with a light lunch. I met Meghan who is an Aesthetician, massage therapist and make-up artist. I was lead to one of the rooms where I was given this tube top type thing and I laid down in a pre-warmed table,,, I was sooo comfy!! It was awesome. I had the express facial with a lip treatment. All the wonderful pretty smelling chemicals and her strong yet soft hands manipulated all the oil out of my suddenly smaller pores. The lip treatment burned a lil but it wasn't anything that I couldn't deal with. I relaxed and resleased some of the frustration I've been experiencing lately. It was ah-mazing. Afterward, my face was so smooth and polished and dewy that I couldn't stop touching it! lol, I looked like a weirdo in the perfume section of Nordstrom all feeling up on my own face! haha! But I am SO glad i came in for a facial, I'll DEFINATLY be back!! With many more in tow. This was earlier today and I am STILL on cloud nine, so entranced that I'm hopping into bed for a nap after I finish this review. I say... GO and ask for Meghan! :) oh btw - all my services were $50! not BAD!! :)
Impressive collection of local artist handcrafted work - pottery, wood, tile, glass, paper, jewelry, fiber...so many beautiful things to look at and touch. Everytime I stop in I end up finding something special, either for myself or as a gift - Knowledgeable and friendly staff - a definite yes!
In a city long accused of lacking any distinct persona, Central Ave. and Camelback is quickly becoming metropolitan Phoenix's cultural hub. And -- for me -- Practical Art has become a major player in the shift. The shop features local artisans who make things you can use around the house: everything from handcrafted knives and gorgeous ceramics to unusual jewelry and funky furniture. The really surprising part? Unlike some of the more pretentious offerings around town, you can actually afford the stuff that Practical Art sells. A place where you can support local artists, pick up adorable and functional items, AND keep your budget intact? That's a pretty good deal.
The reasons I love this place: They make your ice tea fresh when you order it. They sweeten it for you and everything. I'm a tea fan, so that's a big thing for me. Super friendly staff. Everything made from scratch. Coffee and tea locally roasted/blended. Big menu for such a little place, and reasonably priced, too. It's just nice--really nice. It's the kind of place you can go, sit and read a book from cover to cover. I did that today, in fact. I haven't had coffee there, but I tried my boyfriend's and it was excellent. I haven't had much of their food--only soup, but it was awesome. And the people have been so friendly every time I've been there. I've been in once when the owners have been in, two smiley ladies who are really proud of their business. I only wish they had longer hours.
I needed a change and found it here! I've been here twice now & had two different stylists. Still very pleased but I wasnt excited about the music. Offensive & wouldn't want children to hear it. That was the only negative thing I have experienced.
I have been going to another stylist since we moved to AZ (almost 4 years ago), but recently she has started teaching at a beauty school full time and only sees clients every other Sunday. With my schedule being tight and this salon being about 20 min away, I was on the search for another stylist who has more hours during the week and was near my home. I happened to find this LS deal and upon reading Yelp reviews, decided to give it a try. SOO glad I did! First off, the salon itself has a very cool, modern, swanky vibe- without being uptight and pretentious. You get a perfect mix of the higher end feel without the snotty service. I saw another reviewer stated something about the music being offensive... I guess that is up to personal preference because I really enjoyed the music. So much in fact that I Shazamed a bunch of songs while I was waiting to download for myself later. I observed the interaction between all the stylists and clients and it was very warm and professional. Onto my service. I also worked with Kittim. He is amazing! I showed him a picture of what I wanted and he took the time to discuss what my expectations were regarding color, maintenance and the overall feel I wanted. I agree with the other reviewer who also worked with Kittim. You definitely get a strong sense of concern when working with him. A great listener and a master of his craft. The end result was beautiful! Highlights were exactly what I wanted- natural and subtle, but gave my hair dimension. Cut was executed exactly as planned. and the final styling was polished and impeccable. My only regret is that I went directly home after my appt instead of going out someplace fun to show off my new do!
This local pizza joint gets an A+ from me and my boyfriend. We are lucky enough to be neighbors with this place, and are impressed with it over and over again! We always order the Raffaele's special (which is a little steep at $20 for a large) but its always worth it. A down to earth local pizza joint that is consistent, friendly, and oh so yummy!
An interesting bit of history. My curiosity about this landmark was finally satisfied as I became a Master Gardener and volunteered with classmates to help Jason replant the garden. The rehabilitation of the house is underway, but the tour of the gardens is definitely worth the trip.
If you have ever been curious about the castle at all do yourself a favor and hop on over to the City of Phoenix Parks and Rec Website and sign up for a tour of the Carraro Cactus Garden. Tours are Saturdays and are $15. You will learn the about the history of the property (including all the urban legends), meet the master gardner who is restoring the cactus garden, and get a peek inside the Tovrea Castle (they opened all the first floor doors and windows for us). There are plans to create a visitor center for the castle and gardens. They would also like to allow special events like weddings, etc. Learn a little Phoenix history while helping to restore this Phoenix landmark! Sign up. You will not be disappointed. P.S. Bring your nice cameras. There are some amazing photo opps on the tour!
Forget jamba juice this place is better
What a wonderful store! It goes without saying that their collection is amazing but then again, anybody could have a good stock of wine and spirits. What I like the most about going to BevMo! Is the very helpful and cheerful staff. I have never been in there when I was not greeted and asked if I needed help. But in retail there is a fine line between "helpful" and "pushy" - they must go through training in order to recognize a certain look on your face to know when you actually need help.
I LOVE this store! My dog is on a grain and poultry free diet and there are so many options here for food that will work for her. The people who work here are always friendly and offer suggestions on products when I have questions. The prices are great for a small locally owned store. I won't go anywhere else. They also started local bike delivery for $5 in the area. I think on Tuesday and Thursday.
they also sell feather extensions.. about $20 each. good variety in colors!
I haven't gotten my clothes back either, but wow! She seems to know what she's doing, she is all business, but still focused on getting the result her customers want and she seems to know her stuff! I'm waiting for my clothes back (extra star for quick turnaround in a pinch) but I have a good feeling about this. :)
So so so so good ..i have been here 2 times and had the chicken teriyaki bowl..so good..and the staff is great..i have found my new work time lunch place...
Excellent work. My house doesn't smell like dog pee any more. Huzzah!
Home run. Again. Carpets cleaned perfectly.
Epic did our carpets last year. It was a great experience. The owner reached out to me directly. I will be using them again this year very soon.
I like it. No problems! No issues :)
This is a clean and comfortable theater with child care. Just a tip for parents: you need to make a reservation for the kids center and it fills up fast on weekends. If you don't have a reservation, they will usually call over to the center to see if there is space before they'll sell you the tickets. It has a separate bathroom for the kids and they get their own popcorn and water. You get a pager in case there are problems. There are also windows all around so you can check on junior if you'd like. They watch children up to 8 years old. The kids club is open from the first showing at the theater. Harkins also sponsors a summer kids movie series that's worth the cost even if you only go to a couple of the movies. Another tip, you can take in coffee from the shop next door, which is definitely worth checking out.
The food was amazing and very authentic. The place is owned and run by a mother/daughter team; the Mother cooks all her family recipes and the Daughter runs the front of the house. The hours of operations are: M-T 11AM - 8PM, F-S 11AM - 10PM and S 12PM - 8PM. Subscribe to them on Facebook for special events.
Oh F&E, you have never done me wrong. No matter the time of day or day of the week, I show up, and you cater to me in every way. There are never any crying children trowing tantrums in the aisles. There are never any middle aged women with carts parked in the middle of the aisle talking on their cell phones. Best of all, there are never any people standing in front of me in the check out. You organize your rows in ways that make sense and, in the event that I forgot something, it doesn't take me 10 minutes to navigate to the other side of the store. You give me two options; your brand and the most popular brand out there. This is exactly what I want. I'm either feeling rich (pay day) or poor (every other day) and your options cater to those feelings. You stroke my wallet in a way that only department stores have done before you. "50% Off" beckons me and gives me the chance to try such foreign foods as fresh apples and pita bread. You expand my palate in a way I never thought possible. Oh Fresh & Easy, you spring gifts upon me like $3.50 24-packs of soda before the Super Bowl and $1.88 1-pound ground beef. I couldn't be more thankful. You put every other grocer to shame and they know it. F&E, my only complaint is that you are so far away. You shun the light rail and you neglect downtown. I know of a perfect lot at 3rd & Fillmore that would be perfect for you to settle down in. Please come, quickly...I miss you.
still lovin' it. the frozen mini pizzas are pretty good. and 3 for 5 it's a pretty good deal. i have never really been disappointed here. never. i guess i just don't care about the anti-union labor employees. they are super friendly. one offered to throw away my empty coffee cup, another offered to go get me a bag of ice, and another even bagged my haul. 3 different employees mind you. so i guess it's come a long way from there only being 1 employee in the whole store. so i hope some of you weirdos who complain about that come back.
I cannot express how great this place is and the staff. I am a part of a wedding party that was going there for a suit. I was not able to go with the party to get fitted for the suit. Greg, the manager went out of his way to make sure I was taken care of. Even though I wasn't able to get it done at the same time he made sure I wouldn't be left out for this event. I can't thank them enough for their customer service. This will be where I get my suits from here on out.
I think I'm going to cry. After over TEN YEARS of suffering through Arizona style sandwiches... Long Island is finally in the house! The first thing I saw when I walked in was the potato salad... and I knew I was home. Long Island delis have a certain way of making potato salad that I've never found anywhere else in the world. So when I saw The Hero Factory's deli case my heart started to race a little. I prayed to God that his would be the real deal. By the power of Huntington please be an authentic LI deli run by real New Yorkers. And it is!!! Ever since I moved here from New York I've been craving a real deli sandwich. That means tons of boarshead meat on a real roll (kaiser or hero) with dressing and shredded lettuce. Chicken parm, turkey and cheese, roast beef with mustard - it doesn't matter just make it taste like home. Thankfully everything I ate at The Hero Factory tasted exactly like home. Even if you are not from NY, you must give this place a try. They make the best heros in the Valley - hands down. You will fall in love. The owners did a really great job of maintaining authenticity. Their accents, personality and friendly, familiar way of talking to the customers is refreshing and so very NY. I actually feel like something good happened to me today because I discovered this place. I'll be back whenever I have a craving for good food or for home.
Love the ambiance, just like home! Meatball parm is delicious!!! Will be back whenever I'm in the area.
Being from England, I am used to bread made freshly in the local bakers... Balkan Bakery makes the bread daily on the premises (you can actually see them doing it), and it is AWESOME! They make from several flours, white, whole wheat, rye, seven grain, etc... In various shapes & sizes. They also offer some ethnic food items that are bakery based, some savory and some sweet, including the best tiramisu I have ever had. HIGHLY recommend them, need to get there in the early AM though as they sell out fast.
I've been a member at Lifetime in Scottsdale for 8 months now and I love it. Great pick up games (best are Saturday and Sunday morning), plenty of weights and machines so you never are waiting around, lots of TVs with an array of programming, good food and a great spa even for guys. There are a few kids running around but not enough to bother a normal person. I don't do classes so can't advise there but the outdoor pool, lap pool and hot tubs make me want to stay rather than bail. The spa is a huge help too - easy to get your hair cut on the same trip and the girls do a great job. It's not cheap but the whole package makes it worth the money.
I truly love everything about this company's approach. I know what to expect when I walk in the doors of any location....I've been to 3 of them now and will continue to try more in my travels because it keeps my workouts straighforward when I don't have to take extra time trying to figure out new machines or even locker room set-ups! This location is beautiful and filled with beautiful people, I'm not even exaggerating a little bit! I love the flow of the cardio area and I loved that on a Sunday there was still plenty of space to do all I needed. The music was a GREAT volume (my home location could learn something from Scottsdale on that point) and the dressing area had wonderful large lockers throughout - yay! I didn't try the salon or cafe on this first visit, but I'll be Yelping any other points I come across!
Awesome morning crew!!! Keep up the happy vibe! Great service!
My husband and I just got back from Berlin and on our way there, we had time to kill in Terminal 2 of the Sky Harbor. THANK GOD we were in Terminal 2...with the badass Military & Veterans Hospitality Room! My husband is Active Duty Army and I am in the National Guard, so this room was an option (sorry for you non-military types). It's too easy...you sign in and they give you the tour. There are couches, computers with internet, and a "library" where you can take books for your flight (you don't even have to TRADE!). There is also a room for "little kids" with toys and a TV, a room for "big kids" with a TV, reclining seats and a dimmed setting. Oh, and some tables to go along with the free grub and sodas..you got popcorn, gum..all kinds of nice little things. The people here were friendly, the room is clean, cool and comfortable. If you have a long lay over and are military, move yourself over to terminal 2 to hang out for a bit...they will be VERY happy to see you!
Let me preface this review by saying, I am not a big fan of facials because I usually end up leaving with worse skin than I went in with, partly due to my tempermental/sensitive skin. But...I think I may have found a miracle...at North Phoenix Massage Envy. Her name is Kristi A. At Massage Envy they use Murad products, which I had heard good things about from a friend, so in a last ditch effort I decided to give a Massage Envy facial a whirl. I went in about 2 weeks ago with inflamed, broken out skin. I left with skin that was much more calm, with less inflammation, and skin that ultimately cleared up (I am still shocked about the last one). Kristi really knows her way around the Murad product line. The facial I received helped my face so much, and the products she recommended that I took home, have helped me maintain my glowing complexion. I am still in a state of shock that I FINALLY found a facialist/product line that has cleared up my skin. I have already gone back (tonight) for another facial in hopes to maintain my clearing, healthier skin. Kristi A. is amazing and if you have skin issues, you need to see her. And...if you just want a relaxing facial from a sweet, professional aesthetician, she is also your gal!!!
LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!! This is a great place to stop and get something quick or the atmosphere is also great for eating their too! I haven't changed my order since I started going their. The tomato fire roasted soup is spot on! I love how they put tortilla strips and sour cream in it- delicious!! I also love the chicken salad sandwich- delicious! But, don't forget the cookie that comes with your meal. Also service is great, always able to help- great quality!! Another thing that I especially love is the cookies!! The cookies their are delicious and a must have!! Omg by writing this review I am now craving my favorite quick stop restraunt. ;)
I've been coming to this Fry's store for over 25 years. True, I might go to Sunflower for something special in produce or Safeway if I have a special coupon and bigger savings than Frys', but 99% of my grocery shopping is done at this specific Fry's store. The prices are amazing and they even have 10% once a month for Seniors. You don't find that everywhere. Now they have on their website where you can choose coupons to print out or just add to your Fry's ID card number and when you buy the items, the cash register records your purchase and gives you the coupon discount right then and there, no physical coupon to turn over or carry in. What a fantastic way to save on printing coupons and remembering to take them. Their food, especially their steaks, are great and when on sale a great buy for your money.
I don't know what the hell everyone bitches about. You can't get a better price for the prime location...if you want something cheaper, go somewhere a little less downtown with no ac. The maintenance can be...eh...sometimes, but when you look at the overall maintenance on the entire complex, they actually do it. They repainted the buildings, inside and out, they clean the hallways once a week (if they really need to do more than that, thats just the occupants probably that they messy...they're freaking hallways) and they have security now. I've been living here for over two years and I'm happy. The people in the office are nice, and they do tend to mess up things, or forget things...but i've never had them forget about any BIG problems that I've had since I lived here. The messes and loud noise are from annoying tenants..but you have to know that moving into an apartment complex downtown in a large city. It's going to be noisy on first friday, it's going to be noisy from the neighbor above you...welcome to downtown living people. The only big problem that I have is the dog poop and pee that are around the complex...but that's from negligent dog owners, because I've seen maintenance clean it up in the mornings.
Alright, I realize apartment review sites (this one included) are mostly made up of those whose experience as a resident is awful. They use the site to lob compliants and grievances (many of which I'm sure are perfectly valid). That said, I think a review site (even one like Yelp) should reflect the diverse range of opinions and experiences at an apartment complex to get a full picture of the setup. So let me briefly lay out my case. I've now lived here a full year so Roosevelt Square has had plenty of opportunities both to impress and depress me. And thusfar, I've been nothing but impressed. My first big worry when I moved here was the noise. Whether that was traffic on Roosevelt Street, barking dogs (since there are so many dog owners here), and noisy neighbors in general. I can't speak for the whole complex, but the building I'm in (the B building), is as quiet as when I lived in the suburbs. My apartment looks out over the pool area and I've never had any noise issues at night. Sometimes there are pool parties during the day, but nothing out of control. The complex is well maintained by an attentive maintenance crew who keeps the sidewalks relatively clean and the interior building hallways immaculate. The maintenance crew has come to do three separate fixes in my apartment and each time they were prompt and fixed the issue on the spot. I haven't seen any loose dog poop (the dog owners are very good about cleaning up after themselves). Parking was another concern I originally had, but I've used the east parking garage the whole time and have never had trouble finding a spot and the gated entrances give me that extra level of security. Speaking of security, they have a private security company that roams around the premises at night, plus there is a police substation next to the workout room. And about that workout room, great machines and free weights. Not as much of a workout selection as a normal gym, but enough machines and free weights to get a decent workout. If I had to air just one grievance its that the pool is not heated and there is no jacuzzi. Both would be useful during the cooler months as the pool area is largely abandoned during that time of year. During the summer its plenty busy, though the residents are very good about not using it late and disturbing the residents trying to sleep. All in all, I've loved it here. The complex is nice. Backs up to a beautiful grass boulevard on Portland Street, is walking distance from dozens of restaurants, concert, and sports venues, and gives super easy access to the I-10, I-17, Loop 202, and Grand Ave. There are other nicer complexes in downtown but are much more expensive and I would argue don't have a location with the great access this one does. A couple pieces of advice. If you know you'll be here at least a year, take the 13 month contract option as you'll save a bundle each month with that option. Also, get a carpet or mat for your balcony as the floors of the balconies are slatted with a bunch of holes that won't hold your outdoor furniture. A carpet or mat solves that problem. And finally, park in the garages if possible. There's plenty of street parking, but for some reason the birds love pooping on cars parked on the streets. If you're looking for a reasonably priced apartment complex close to everything in Downtown Phoenix, this is an excellent option.
Great North Phoenix hole-in-a-wall for sushi! Love their caterpillar roll. And, if you are daring try the Kentucky roll with tempura chicken.
Friendly service, less wait time, and good price, hairstylist r very helpful n know lots about their skills..
I am shocked that I am barely writing this review for Wildflower Bread Company since I eat here at least twice a week. I used to be obsessed with Paradise Bakery but then I met Wildflower and so I dumped them. The reason? Their ingredients! So fresh, so delicious! I've literally had everything on their menu and there is nothing that I wouldn't recommend. Isn't that hard to admit when it's not your mom's food you are having? Well anyways, another thing I love about Wildflower is that they are always giving back to the community. A few months ago they were running a campaign on Instagram all you had to do was upload a picture of you to share a good deed you've done in your community. I uploaded one and had the most likes, not only did I get $100 dollar gift card but they also gave $100 dollars to a charity of my choice! I absolutely have a great experience every time I go here from the moment when I step a foot in the building to the moment I walk out. Their atmosphere is comfortable and clean at all times! I like the fact that the manager is always helping the team serve the food and ensuring everything is ok with the customers. They are just amazing! Thank you Wildflower for always being fantastic not only with your customers, but with your community as well. I will continue to come for as long as I live because not only you feel my tummy, but you fill my heart with happiness :)
I've been coming here for 3years now and I have not once had a bad experience! I think wildflower strives to have excellent service and they pull it off. I am sorely going to miss this place when I move. Great coffee and great breakfast.
After years of wanting to give yoga a try, I finally signed up for a class at Urban Yoga (after reading about it on Yelp). Their website was very helpful- listing class schedules, providing detailed descriptions of each class and bios for all instructors. I was able to sign up online and with my ASU ID even qualified for a student discount. Urban Yoga is located on the first floor of a large building at Central and Lexington, and there is a small parking garage located right next to the studio, offering free parking. The studio is incredibly chic! It has a loftish feel with super-high ceilings and exposed air ducts. The paint inside is both soothing and exciting at the same time. The boutique is stocked with yoga-wear, mats, books and other delicious smelling products. Another huge plus are the free lockers in the bathrooms to store purses, workout bags, etc... My instructor for my Yoga Fundamentals class was Kristina. If this is your first experience with yoga, I would 100% recommend that you sign up for one of Kristina's classes. She was really helpful in helping us master the poses and was very attentive to our needs. She also challenged us to experiment with the new poses in order for each of us to find the right sensations. Her class is incredibly relaxing, yet I still felt that I had experienced a great workout. Upon leaving the studio, I thought to myself that I hadn't felt that relaxed or stress free in a very long time. What a wonderful experience!
While struggling to maintain balance in my life, a daily practice is helped immensely by a beautiful space, knowledgeable staff and stimulating curriculum. I've got some experience in yoga, ayurveda and have travelled a bit in Asia. I had the fortune to spend some time in Mysore studying ashtanga, at an ashram in Pune as well as vipassana in Chiang Mai. In my travels through the States and around the world I have had the fortune to study under amazing teachers in humble rooms and exotic locales. These experiences have made me quite particular in my choice of studios. Urban Yoga meets or exceeds all my expectations. It is hard to get over how beautiful it is. One continually notes the nuanced attention: from the door handles to the floors in the locker rooms. But as beauty can be a thin surface, the honest appreciation comes through while coming to class every day: the classes available seven days a week many from 6:30 AM to 8:00 PM. Online scheduling, teacher summaries (and what excellent, passionate teachers!). My favorite part? The little lending library that reminds me of all the libraries I would see in ex-pat cafes while travelling in India. Pricing is quite reasonable also. Tip: they seem to offer some kind of package special every month.
I'm obsessed. Plain and simple, I love Urban Yoga. They offer a wide range of classes (beginners-experts, kids yoga, gong yoga, candlelight yoga) with all types of instructors. I signed up for two weeks of unlimited yoga for a measly twenty five bucks. I feel great! I really enjoy the Astonga class or any other classes taught by Danielle Godfrey. I feel like she really gets it...what I mean by that is that she knows how to teach and knows how to come over and adjust you in just the right way for awesome things to happen. The classes start early in the morning and go through til around 7:30pm. In addition to yoga classes, they also have a ton of yoga gear (clothes, mats, etc.), books for trading, jewelry, and more. I look forward to each class and have noticed changes in my body already! The space is super chill and clean and I highly recommend you try it out for yourself as soon as possible. Namaste.
This place is great. I had a Groupon 1 month unlimited classes. There are many classes available for all levels. The place is clean and very modern. I enjoy the Foundations class, Jenny Brown is a great instructor. Everyone should try this place, you we will be hooked.
Here's how the Phoenix Neutrino Project works. Every third Saturday, the troupe gets together at Space 55 in downtown Phoenix. People from the audience give them props, and they are sent out into the city with one video camera. Two people are the actors, one is the videographer, and one is the 'runner'. The runner is key, and I'll explain why in a sec. This is a live movie, all improv. These actors are not given a script. All they have to guide them is a prop. Anyone who has done improv knows how hard it is. Anyone who has seen Curb Your Enthusiasm knows how brilliant it can be. While we're getting the lowdown of how things work from Team 3, Teams 1 and 2 have left to begin their improv adventure. Finally, Team 3 is on their way. Now the fun begins. After watching a few PSAs and previews (for more local improv shows), the movie begins. Now, the editing is being done on the spot, too. There are two guys in the back with a slew of electronic equipment. They are in charge of editing the footage, putting it together, and adding a soundtrack. And let me tell you, they are wizards. The movie is put together, scene by scene, as runners from each team come back with more tapes. Anyone who is familiar with improv acting knows that sometimes it works, and sometimes it doesn't. When it works, it's effing hilarious. Even when it doesn't, it's pretty damn entertaining too. I have to give kudos to these guys for putting themselves out on a limb every month. This is a cool, unique Phoenix event. Do something different next month and check it out. I think I'll be there - with a prop this time. **This month's show on Sept. 20th, starts at 10p, not 8p!**
This was a great dining experience. Was in Phoenix for a conference and heard great things about NOCA. The menu changes daily. I had the skate which outstanding. The apps were also wonderful. I had the salmon and tried a bite of the soft shell crab salad. For dessert the sticky toffee pudding was amazing and the gelato trio was excellent. We tried the salted butter gelato which I thought was going to be gross but actually was pretty good, tasted like vanilla. The best part of the meal was the COTTON CANDY they brought before dessert. Amazing. The service was awesome and the experience was wonderful. Will come again next time I am in AZ....
I cannot begin to explain how much I adore this place. The atmosphere is fantastic, the food is superb, and the staff is to die for. If you need a place to go for a date, or if you're just looking for a delicious dinner--this should be your spot. It's definitely mine.
I've been wanting to check back at NOCA since Chef Matt Taylor took over. I'm so glad I did. I had been to NOCA a couple years ago and it definitely made a good impression,but I think the new Chef takes it in a great direction. Some amazing standouts were the Lobsta Po-boy with Duck fat fries, Seared scallop with Pork Belly and truffled parsnips and Crusty delicious Hake, a fish I hadn't previously tried. Light and mild with an incredible golden brown crust on the top and melt-in-your-mouth flakey buttery texture inside. The rest of the courses from the tasting menu were also fantastic and the service was very attentive. I cant wait to go back and experiment with all the interesting special events they have on Sundays and other days.
Third visit - items selected include: Noca Royale - Prosecco, Compari, Lime Cordial PB&J - Peanut Buffalo Trace, Raspberry, Lemon Bread Arancini Potato Croquette Funghi Schiacciate - Alba brown and white beech mushrooms, Parmigiano, Mozzarella, Oregano, EVOO Pork & Beans - Kurobuta Pork Belly Confit, Bean Cassoulet, Mirepox, Bacon Lamb Porterhouse - Controne Beans, Beech Mushrooms, Peperonata, Olive Cocoa Pesto Ravioli - Potato, Red Pepper, Mozzarella Filled with Thyme and Brown Butter Creste di Gallo - Kurobuta Pork Ragu Six Points Kurobuta Pork Short Ribs - Pommes Puree, Braised Greens, Carrots, Cuisson Flourless Chocolate Cake - Roasted White Chocolate, Brandy Tuile, Angelfood Crumble Citrus Semifreddo - Cranberry Campari Marmellata, Toasted Vanilla Bean Angelfood Cake Cream Cheese Beignets - Chocolate, Goat Caramel, Key Lime Cream Green Apple Cotton Candy While my first meal at noca was amongst the best I've had in Phoenix my second was unfortunately the disappointing Fried Chicken Face-Off with FnB - a meal that I assumed was an aberration, but one that did not exactly send me running back to either restaurant until my mother and aunt came to town and we decided to visit both spaces on sequential nights...the first a return to noca that proved my speculation correct in providing another meal as good as the first on a crowded Thursday night with the kitchen firing on all cylinders from free gifts of Arancini and Potato Croquettes through the new Pizza/Schiacciate program all the way to Tracy Dempsey's desserts. Having enjoyed Italian the night before at Bianco's Italian Restaurant but well aware of Chef Claudio's skills with pasta and Eliot Wexler's strong dedication to sourcing top quality pig and lamb our selections focused heavily on the night's more hearty and rustic dishes and, as anticipated, our reward was plate after plate of truly excellent cuisine - the Creste and Short Ribs particularly balanced and immaculately prepared while the delicate ravioli and gamey lamb, both delicious, touched on entirely opposite ends of the spectrum - the former silky and subtle while the later was amongst the most flavorful lamb dishes I've ever encountered. Moving from savory to sweet, while I cannot say I'm happy to see yet another restaurant in the area relying on outside sources for their desserts, it goes without saying that Tracy is extremely talented and her range is amongst the best in the business, the dense chocolate cake and light, silky semifreddo equally impressive while the beignets stole the show - each donut light and entirely greaseless while the caramel and key lime cream both warranted a finger to wipe the plate clean.
I won't deny that I'm typically a comfort-food guy, but Noca is where I go when I'm looking for haute cuisine. Their menu constantly rotates and usually contains a half-dozen words that I've only heard on Chopped. I check ahead on the website, especially since I don't eat pork, and there are hundreds of different names for pork. On Wednesday, I found the restaurant to be strangely empty. We started with a glass of wine, a Belgian beer, and my first-ever Panzanella, an Italian bread salad. The roasted vegetables, croutons, pecorino, and balsamic dressing meshed fantastically. It was a real highlight, moreso than the squash chutney amuse bouche or the sliced bread served without butter or oil. (I'm not complaining about these free items; they were tasty, but unspectacular.) We played it safe on the entrees, opting for skirt steak and striped bass. The striped bass was absolutely perfectly cooked, and beautifully plated. It was moist with a very crispy skin, and complemented well by rainbow carrots and a farro dish that resembled brown fried rice. The marinated steak was sliced over smashed potatoes with straw mushrooms. It was tender and delicious, but a little cold when it arrived. The service was fantastic, answering questions and never rushing us. Along with the signature cotton candy (today's flavor was grape), they also threw in a glass of champagne and a cookie for each of us, since it was a special occasion. Although the portion sizes are a little small, the price is reasonable, and the quality is top notch. Noca did more than enough to retain its crown as my favorite restaurant in Phoenix.
Three words: Lobster pot pie. Dear God. Each time I put my fork through the perfectly decadent crust, I was overjoyed at what seemed to be a magical, endless supply of meat.
I really enjoy the dining experience at Christopher's. Overall, it was a really nice place (fine-dining, as many may call it). Ambiance was impecable! The food was surely delicious and prompt you to comeback for more. Most of all, we had a really good bottle of wine, which made the experience a lot more lovely. Of course, the price is the only drawback, but you will get what you paid for...again, it's a fine dining. For certain, I don't mind to have a dinner-date here. It is a fine attribute for the modern-romance ambiance. I heart this place.
HOLY. COW. This is one of the best, and I mean BEST, places in Phoenix. The prices are ridiculously low, the service is fantastic, and the snoballs are out of this world. (FYI Snoballs are 100x better than snow cones. Trust me.) The owner himself works the counter and is a really nice guy. He hand makes all the flavors, and many times has custom ones not on the regular menu. I love his pink lemonade flavor with the Creole Cream!
Have a pet that needs some company? Maybe you don't trust them alone? Possibly managing the guilt of working too long everyday and not being at home? Your troubles are over... Theresa and the gang at JAC are just what you need! I had an 8-week old puppy and was concerned about her around my pool. She spent the first 6 months of her life staying at JAC during the day. They were fantastic! Potty training, minor medical attention, socialization, she got it all! They were very flexible with my ever changing schedule! My pup is a year old now and she still visits when I need to drop her off. I highly recommend Just Around the Corner!
My favorite place to get alcohol because I never find things cheaper anywhere else. They also have everything you could ever want.
I come from a family where we owned and operated a few dry cleaners in the Valley. Not only that we used to service equipment and sell them to other cleaners. I know the work that goes into the operations and cost of a cleaners. There are high labor costs. We all take our clothes there to do what we are too lazy to do, so why not pay that extra amount to get it done nicely. Also if we are to be so "Green" why not stop buying dry clean only goods as consumers? Our superficial society loves the good things but with out the costs. I say as the laws change and processes change and become more cost effective the organic cleaning process will change as well. This place is going to be the most green dry cleaners you can get right now. There are so many strict guidelines that have to be followed by such a business to keep these chemicals out of the environment I am glad to pay the extra amount to help that they do it right and not cut corners to save costs like some of the low cost mom and pop shops in town. My family now owns a Organic type cleaners in California where it is mandatory for all cleaners to operate with organic machines. If California see's that it's enough to make it a law for now I say let's stop bashing on the guys who are the only organic or cleaner dry cleaners in town and try to convert the others who aren't. I take my cleaning here and have had no problems, I have been greeted by friendly faces and even though I haven't been going there long they always seems to remember my name. Not sure if this Thomas location in Phoenix is the same owner as the one up by Desert Ridge but they are both great!
When opening the package of postage meter ink (red) cartridge ink splattered on my light-colored jacket. Organicare was successful in removing the stains, and no odor in the garment is a real plus. I am very happy with the service and will continue to use Organicare. Thank you!
Been taking our little Guy here for over 5 years now. Never have I been disappointed. They always do a superior job.
A friend suggested we meet for coffee at Hob Nobs today (a relatively new coffee house in the Willo neighborhood) and we had a great experience. We decided to treat ourselves with a dessert and our server made a couple of great suggestions, discussed some future Hob Nobs dessert strategies and made our ultimate cinnamon roll with melted frosting selection very entertaining and informative. Needless to say the rolls were delicious but the real treat was the lattes. The server delivered them to us in huge mugs topped with foam that was stenciled with a chocolate design the server created himself. The chocolate tasted great and the design stayed intact until the cup was empty. Anyway, I highly recommend Hob Nobs' service (we felt as if we were the only ones in the cafe -- very personalized), delicious desserts and coffee, ambience -- pretty much everything... We both agreed what we figured was going to be a run-of-the-mill coffee date turned into a delightful afternoon.
Love love LOVE this place! My boyfriend and I eat here almost every week! Super cute old house with lots of seating inside and out. Have never had a bad meal here. My favorite sandwich is the Doc's choice. It comes on an awesome pretzel roll. You can buy all kinds of local art and listen to some great live music. GREAT COFFEE!!!!!! I LOVE YOU HOB NOBS!!!!!!!!!!
There for breakfast and the Italian style Coffee is better then any Starbucks and really hot to boot. Our sandwiches were fresh and tasty and came with a nice side of it fruit.
The Container Store has finally arrived in Arizona! I fell in love with this store when I lived in DC and I'm so glad that we now have one in our own backyard. The Container Store is an organizers heaven and a dis-organized persons savior!You can organize your entire house, office, closet, whatever you want...there is a container for everything! If you haven't been to a Container Store before, go and check out the new store here in AZ...you won't be disappointed!!
I could spend HOURS in this store. Seriously, you can find any & every container for everything in your house. If you love organizing this is the place to go. They have little trinkets and plastic containers for your bathroom, kitchen, bedrooms. You can also order stuff online like shelves and pick them up here too. i ordered to leaning book shelves that I had to assemble myself. Lots of people on the floor to help find what you need as well. It's located next to a Whole Foods and there's plenty of parking!
Was not expecting much but WOW, great tacos and a great price!!!!!
I was asked to go here for lunch about 4 years ago by a co-worker. I was sorta skeptical from the get go as I can be a little picky when it comes to latino/mexican cuisine. My initial reaction when I ordered a burrito was...pretty good. The really awesome part was the decor and really super friendly staff. They really seemed genuine to thank you for your business The second time I went I ordered thier fish tacos (minus the onion). OMG! Wow. Almost perfectly made tacos. Nice Chunky pieces of fish, and the lime is the extra mwah for these!. The sauce that's included is in perfect proportion, although I must say some days are better than others (too much vs too little) Now that I'm a fan...Fish Taco Friday at my work place with Two Hippies is the way to go!
Big thanks to Troy with A family Affair Pet Grooming, not only did he do an expertly and efficient job of grooming and cutting my dogs matted tangled curly dreds, he did it on the fourth of july! now that right there is an american ladies and gentlemen, willing to bust his chops on our nations b-day shearing my mountain goat of a dog when he should've by all rights been kicking it poolside w/ a beer and a brat. I dropped my pooch off yesterday at 9am and in a little over two hours he was all done, I didnt even recognize him when I saw him, he looked great, but decidedly less Jerry Garcia-esque (which is a good thing in my book) at any rate for $85 this is definitely my once a year go to guy for dog cuts. Take your furry friend for a car ride and drop by sometime, you wont be disappointed.
You know, I love this place. Some stuff is a little pricey, but for veggie transplants, flowers, etc. They are great and the service is awesome. You can tell these guys are passionate about what they do. Also, I like the selection. I always see plants that are new to me here. It's worth the drive. Did I mention their large trees are quite reasonable as well and they have a nice selection of desert plants.
BEEF & BLEU! The 2nd most expensive sandwhich item they sale but the 1st place winner of sandwiches! Aside from the 2 ladies being the sweetest owners I have talked to... Aside from the collection of cheeses that bring me back every time... Aside from the friendly staff... Aside from the meaty goodness of the sandwiches... Aside from alllllllllll of that...this place is my new favorite place to eat lunch...(LGO is still veryyyy close to the top.) NOTE: I just got hungry...i am going back. R\_
I had an extremely pleasant and enjoyable stay at the Sheraton in dowtown phoenix. By far, this is the best Sheraton I have stayed in, and I would not hesitate to book my stay here, when I return to downtown Phoenix. In my opinion the downtown Phoenix Sheraton should be a model and example for all other Sheratons. The agent who checked me in was very welcoming, friendly and pleasant, all associates say hello to you when you walk past them through the lobby, rather than just staring down their screens and ignoring you which happens at most other hotels! Also my favorite part about the hotel is the District. As well as being a fantastic environment and atmosphere, there is a great selection of microbrew beers, the food there is really good and the bar staff are also very friendly, welcoming and attentive. Breakfast was great too. It was a really good selection at the breakfast bar, and the staff who served me for breakfast were very polite and courteous, which means a lot in a day and an age where 'pleases' and 'thank yous' are scarce. On some mornings, I had 2 staff serving me and I assumed one was in training, but both members of staff were as polite and courteous as each other, which is a credit to both their existing staff and new hires. With the free breakfast / free appetizer, room upgrade, and personalized greetings, I truly felt that I fully experienced my SPG Platinum benefits too. My positive experiences at the hotel ensured that I went to work with a positive, confident attitude each day, ready to take on the day's challenges,
This place is the only place I've found in Phoenix where I can get a champurrado fix. And they've got great loaded hot dogs, too. The owners are very sweet and attentive, and they'll bend over backwards to make sure you've got everything you need, particularly if you're getting your dogs to go. Who knew parking lot food could be so great?
So good.
Look, I'm just a Philly guy from out of town that was in town for business for a few days, and happened to have a friend in Phoenix who wanted to show me the best of Phoenix street food. I'm not one to say no to that proposition. And I don't know if these Mexican style hot dogs are better than the ones you get in LA or anything like that. I'm not that savvy when it comes to this style. But what I will say is this... after trying one of these with guacamole, cheese, and salsa, I wanted to immediately eat two more. You know what really sold it to me? The roll. I've never had such a soft hot dog roll in my life. And even though it was so soft, it held together like a champ with all of those ingredients on it. The ladies told me that they get them from a local bakery. Kudos to that bakery, whomever that is. I was considering naming this the best hot dog I've ever had after eating it. Today, I'm not going to be that extreme. But it's right up there with my favorite places, and it will be a repeat destination for me if I'm ever back in town.
I don't like hog dogs but these are bomb!!! And walking distance from me ....yeeaaaaaa
Extremely confused by these negative reviews, some as recent as last week even?! I've been coming to this remarkable establishment for a little over two months and have yet to have anything but impeccable service and outstanding meals. The staff was courteous, engaging and quick. Our dishes came out fresh and were truly fantastically presented. The Lisa Lisa Crunch and OMG rollls were amazing, the fried crab wontons are a must have, and our waiter recommended a hamachi sashimi dish that was so delectable, I wanted to lick the plate. I have yet to try the Chinese dishes off the menu, but the couple to our left had a chicken dish that smelled unholy good. The first time I went, I was not expecting much, the location (strip mall) and the outside of the building do not do the inside justice. It was clean, well decorated and surprisingly adorned with multiple flat screen TVs with a veritable cornucopia of sport programming playing on them. Sat at the bar every time we went, and the bartender/server was a real treat suggested great dishes and ultimately added to the overall experience. On a whim, we pulled up the yelp page as we were finishing up and we saw the terrible reviews and had to put in our two cents. Give this place a try during happy hour, pull up a seat at the bar, relax and enjoy a delicious meal.
Discovered this salon and Angela by Groupon accident and I am in love. I have very fine thin hair that needs an outstanding cut to look good. Everyone is raving about my hair, including the mirror. And the best part is that Angela charges significantly less than any of my former Scottsdale stylists
I walk past here everyday on my way to work, and although I haven't eaten there yet, I've been watching them build it for the past few months, and I'm excited to have a new taco joint besides fillib' in the neighborhood. All the people working there are always smiling, and I stopped in for a menu to good conversation. Can't wait to finally eat there!
This place is a lifesaver for Phoenix Mexican food. I've tried and tried to find "good" Sonoran style Mexican food and am always disappointed by a greasy mess, up until I stumbled upon ATS. The people that work here are very sweet and the decor is charming. I would describe it as a kind of surf shop meets diner decor. It is in a cute older house on 7th, well maintained and colorfully adorned with artsy knickknacks and brickabrack and such. The food is very cheap and very simple, you can tell that love goes into every dish. A bean burrito is $3.25 and very filling. The been and cheese concoction that fills it is very tasty but not overly greasy, much unlike many of the other lauded burrito places in town. The veggie quesadilla was delicious as well, kind of crunchy from the cabbage or something that is inside. Both were served with some traditional accoutrement and homemade, wonderful salsa. The jewel of my meal here was the white corn on the cob. Not really knowing what I was ordering at first, I was a little doubtful, but really wanted something more veggie like to round out the meal. What came was the most wonderful ear of corn I have ever eaten. The cob is a sweet white corn which is then slathered in a slim coat of mayo and dipped in what I think was parmesean cheese (but was probably the Sonoran equivalent). This was served with lime and a chili sauce that was sweet and spicy and out of this world when doused on the corn. What a great little place in a wonderful neighborhood (maybe my favorite) of central Phoenix. If you feel let down by the Mexican food that has covered this valley in a layer of tasteless grease, go here before giving up (also go to Mucho Gusto in Tempe, ATS is the cheaper option).
XL CARNE ASADA BURRO-has never been this good ANYWHERE- words just describe how good this is
Wow the carne asada burrito I had was great. It was also a plus that they had Mexicoke. The place was very clean and the customer service was great. I will be back.
Personally, I Love Americas. There Margaritas are delicious. There Breakfast, Bean and Cheese, and Carne Asada Burritos are Fantastic, and they have a decent happy hour. Americas 4 Life.
For lunch, my pal and I hit up America's Taco Shop, the self-proclaimed "home of the greatest carne asada in the Valley!" Its menu is small, but that doesn't mean it disappoints. Choose from items such as tortas, quesadilla and tacos, and be sure to pair it with the great chips and perfectly spicy salsa, at a cheap $1.50 a basket. I ordered a vegetarian extra-large bean and cheese burrito, and I was really impressed with how ooey-gooey the bean/cheese mixture was and how flaky the flour tortilla was. It was the perfect lunch portion and filled me up without bogging me down. My pal ordered the carne asada taco, which he said was excellent as always. The spot's super-casual, really fast and has a patio to sit on, making it a great lunch spot full of tasty comfort food.
This place rocks! Really good burros and chips! I had the carne asada burrito and it was excellent!
5 F'ING STARS.. Incredible, chips and spicy salsa, burrito, their beans are top noch and the Mexican Cokes and Sprites. Not to mention alcohol, beers, margaritas. Vegetarian/Vegan friendly. PERFECT and FILLING!!!
Love America's Taco Shop! Carne Asada Burrito, that is all you need to know. Nice people, fair prices, and good food. If you are looking for an easy sit down dinner or lunch in the downtown area you should check out this place. A+
I can't believe it took me this long to get to Sens. I admit I was a tiny bit daunted because everything I had heard was that it was uber slick and cool and maybe a little attitude-ish. The truth is that it IS slick and cool, but awesomely friendly with a great vibe. My friends and I went for a sake tasting and ended up having 9 of the tapas selections and a couple bottles of sake to boot. Of the 9 dishes we sampled, every singe one was a hit! Some of the standouts were the edamame with truffle butter (!), the duck and mint salad, the pork buns, the short ribs (!!), the quail, and the beech mushrooms wrapped in bacon (OMGGGGG!!) Our server was awesome and Johnny, the owner, visited our table often, checking to see if we were enjoying ourselves. Johnny chatted at length with us out on the patio also. He's a gracious host with a real vision. I worry because of how many wonderful downtown restaurants are failing right now. This one is so wonderful (and really affordable for truly mind-blowing quality). Everyone should visit and sample some of this awesome food in a very cool setting!
I always get my hair cut here. Every one of the barbers is really good. I have never had a problem with any hair cut. what i ask for is what i get. I usually get a taper but ive seen the fades and mohawks that these guy do and they are real clean. Very friendly service and good quality work and only 13 bucks! Couldnt ask for anything more
Great food. Incredibly friendly service. Can't wait to go back.
Went here for lunch. They were very fast with the preparing the food. It has been a long time since I had a gyro and this one did not disappoint. Small sitting area for dining in. It cost $8 for a gyro, fries and a drink. I will definitely be going back here.
We ordered the Gyro's. Quality Great food. Satisfying portion size. Prompt service. Being from the East Coast and having eaten gyro's many times and from many places I can highly recommend this establishment. I'll go there again.
This is my favorite restaurant in the valley, and my husband agrees! Today I had the TLT (Tempeh, Lettuce, and Tomato) with a side of steamed Kale. AWESOME! (Although next time I will ask for no mayo, and was that parmesean on the Kale? Delicious, but I avoid dairy, and try to eat vegan.) Omni hubby went vegan with the steamed vegetables and farro (wheat berries). A few months back, we had Sunday brunch there, and I had the scrambled tofu and soy chorizo wrap, which was also very good. My only complaint is the popularity of this place means that there is a wait for lunch, even on a 115-degree day. Also, because of the utliltarian kitchen decor and the crowd, it can be noisy. But the food and the service will keep me coming back.
Woop! Yay for TF's super chic patio, interesting drinks and AWESOME healthy food options! I love it!
Great service at the bar! Omg, banana chocolate tart was orgasmic! And, I felt slightly less guilty since it was "healthy". Miso cod was excellent, too.
The only reason I'm changing my review is for the best waiter ever. Seriously. I have never had service in Arizona as good as his. John is an amazing waiter who clearly takes pride in his work. This to me is hard to come by. When you get good service it just makes everything taste better :) My mom and I are very picky eaters...no oils, no dairy, no wheat or gluten. He was very understanding and didn't make us feel like changing around the menu was a bother (it has to be). He was on top of everything. Anticipated every want or need. If you eat here, ask to sit in Johns section. It will be a great experience!
Went for Easter dinner. Great atmosphere, super service, fun drinks and yummy healthy eats. Explore the drink menu...both alcoholic and non. Two patio areas to dine al fresco. Sweet potato hash was awesome as was spiced chicken. A new favorite for me!
Initially I came here expecting a lot of healthy organic relatively tasteless and expensive food, but I was very surprised and boy was I wrong. The drinks/elixirs may sound like medicine but they were very tasty, especially the ginger one (and I LOVE ginger!). We had the onion tart for the appetizer and it was a wonderful taste explosion in my mouth. For dinner we ordered the squash casserole and the bison burger. With the 2 drinks, we got out of there for about $60 which is a bit pricey but so worth it considering the taste, quality and service.
There's now one in Santa Monica, CA - yeah buddy!!! YUM.
I came away from my meal (complete with cocktail + dessert) with no guilt. Local, fresh, tasty and healthy cuisine here. For the first round, order the fig tart! I'm a sucker for ahi sashimi and this salad had some homemade pickles that were just out of this world. I didn't miss the fact that there was no dressing on the salad. Almond Olive Oil Cake made me curious, and while it was tasty, I will be getting the Lemon Tart next time!
Amazing eccentric dishes with gluten free, vegetarian, options! Price is right and will certainly be back. We were in town for one night, found this restaurant on Yelp with my family of 7, and walked out EXTREMELY satisfied. Will recommend to anyone in Phoenix!!!
We consistently go to True Food for dinner but recently decided to try them out for brunch. We were greeted promptly by our server, Jacob. He was friendly and extremely helpful with our menu choices. We decided to go with his suggestion, the veggie market scramble, quinoa johnny cakes and organic coffee. Wow, the food was amazing. Very flavorful and filling but not heavy. In one word, perfect. I need to circle back to the service. Like I said, we go to True Food Kitchen at least once a week and have since the day it was opened. The service is always very good but Jacob was by far the best we have ever had. Our coffee was never lower than half a cup and he checked back frequently to see if we needed anything and ask if we were satisfied. He was attentive and very friendly. If you are in the area, I would recommend going to True Food and asking to be sat in Jacob's section. You will be glad you did.
Um can you say unbelievably amazing, not to mention I am so bummed they don't have one of these back home, (I'm from Minnesota.) Came to this delicious restaurant while visiting a girlfriend in the Phoenix area. I wish I hadn't; only because it's all I think about! Started with a Bloody Mary--best one I've had. You can taste the fresh-ness, like they literally made the tomato juice there themselves. We ordered the edamame dumplings as an appetizer. So fresh and light. A great starter to a meal, as it was not too large/heavy.. We ordered three meals to share/taste: spaghetti squash, autumn salad, and turkey burger with sweet potato hash. The favorite by far was the spaghetti squash as our conversation revolved around the question of HOW to make this! The food is excellent. The service was "okay." Our server was somewhat nonexistent. Fortunately for her, the food makes up for that here. Yes, coming from a server veteran herself, I did just say that the service can be poor if the food is this delicious. I will be returning on my next visit to Phoenix. Until then, can you PLEASE OPEN ONE IN MINNEAPOLIS?!?
i want to move there just so i can eat here frequently! love their veggies & concept
first time here and i was impressed! my friend and i were promptly greeted and seated and given a run-down of the menu items and how each item was selected by Dr. Weil (i'm a huge fan of the anti-inflammatory diet). we started with the hummus and were even brought a few pieces of extra pita since my friend is twice my size. the hummus was smooth and creamy and came topped with a little salad of cucumber, tomato, and olives. i ordered the red chili shrimp. was told it was hot, but it wasn't too bad, so i asked for a side of their homemade "siracha" sauce. the noodles were soft but not soggy. the tidbits of greens and the shrimp were a delicious combination. i couldn't help but to wolf the whole thing down in a matter of minutes. my friend said his curry dish was fantastic and even placed a to-go order of the same for his wife. very reasonably priced for middle class budget. friendly service and a beautiful dining area.
This is one of my favorite places to eat! It is healthy, local and seasonal! Based off a True Food cookbook which is found on Amazon. I have eaten at the restaurant a few times when I am in town. I have also bought the cookbook which every dish I have made is fantastic! These people know what they are doing with healthy, gourmet food!!!
I'm embarrassed that I have only ate here two times and I live in very close proximity of this restaurant. Ate here tonight and it was perfection. The server was so genuine & amazing! Lettuce wraps were delish along with the inside out quinoa burger. I was so impressed with start to finish. This is on my new rotating list of places to eat.
This was the one place we wanted to try while we were out here in AZ. My fiance is a Dr. Weil fan and he had eaten at this restaurant many moons ago. He has since raved about the Kale salad here. A few years down the road I finally had the opportunity of eating here myself. We had lunch one day and dinner the following day. For lunch I had their Street Tacos with grass fed beef. They were delicious. Perfect size and very filling. Alongside that I had the Kail-Aid. It was very refreshing and had a nice ginger taste that lingered after every sip. My fiance had the Kale salad and added the Grilled chicken. The chicken was to die for. I had never tasted grilled chicken like that before. The following night we enjoyed dinner here. I had the Turkey lasagna and my fiance had the Spaghetti Squash Casserole. I LOVED my lasagna. It was hearty and rich, the flavors blended perfectly. I tried the Spaghetti Squash that was also mouth watering. It had a bit of a crunch to it, which I actually enjoyed. Again it was also very hearty and filling. We split a kale salad that complimented the rich flavors of our main entree. Overall the food was absolutely fantastic here. The atmosphere is spot on. The service is perfect. I did not have a single complaint except that the prices are a bit high but you are paying for quality ingredients. Next time I want to try the breakfast menu. Can they please bring one to STL???
The rating is because of the gluten-free crust. Anyone who is gluten-free knows pizza is tough to come by. This is my third shot at a gf crust, and it's a ton better than the others. Thin, fairly crispy (not easily done gf) and good. I got the napoli (tomatoes and basil), and they have a bunch of other specialty pies. Very casual and they do slices. A definite pizza stop downtown.
Damn good pizza at a fair price plus you can get beer or wine!!!!!! Really what more can you ask for when eating pizza
This place has something for everyone. I ordered the Pick 3 option: a slice of pizza, salad, and half a sandwich. All for $8. The meal was very good and I will be back. I have to admit I expected less from this place, but I was proved wrong. It's not your ordinary pizza joint. Very good food! Pizza was thin and delicious....
Last week I came home from work to a dead AC during a typical Phoenix August but I was lucky enough to find this wonderful company on Yelp. I have never seen so many perfect reviews but now that I have experienced the company myself, I can see why. Miguel and his son are so nice, fair and professional. I know absolutely nothing about AC units or most things that require "handy-work" so I was weary to hire a company that I had never used before, my fears were unfounded. They were prompt, fast with their work and very fair with the price. Miguel was also very friendly and easy to talk to. If you need any work on your AC or heater, Miguel is your guy!
These guys are awesome! Our A/C went out during the night and we woke up at 5am to an 85 degree home. By 8 o'clock he was climbing on our roof and diagnosing our problem. He was very nice and explained everything that was going on with our unit. He also explained which parts needed to be replaced and show why and what they do. The prices he quoted were under what I could find other places charged as well as their labor costs. If we ever need someone for our air we will for sure call them right away and would recommend them to any and everyone.
These guys were fast, clean and reasonable. I'm very glad that I called them when our A/C went out. He was on another job and didn't know how long it would take, so I told him I would call someone else. I have someone scheduled, but he called and was able to make it sooner. He said he'd be there in 20 and he was there in 15. He replaced a worn out fan and a relay that showed signs of arching. I will call Flores A/C again the next time we have an issue. Total turn around time was about 2 hours from my first call to blowing cold. Thanks!
Last year, one of our AC units broke, and the guys we ended up hiring to fix it were a total joke. It was a nightmare, it took about a month of repeat visits to finally get everything working and back up to full speed again. Next time, I thought, I'm going to do my homework instead of looking for guys that are local. Fast forward to the year, when our other AC unit started having some problems I did a lot of research (at least an hour via yelp and other online locales), and I ultimately decided to give Flores AC a call. I didn't know if they'd come all the way up to North Peoria, but they were happy to. They were absolutely fantastic. Miguel showed up the day after I called him, and he was able to fix the problem without overcharging us. He and his crew were fast, efficient, and reasonably priced- what more could you ask for? I decided to wait a couple months before writing this review- just in case- but the AC unit he fixed is working as well as it ever has, so obviously he knew what he was doing. Flores Air is definitely going to be my go-to AC repair company; thanks Miguel!
I am very excited I get to write about Hanny's! We went to Hanny's before a concert at the US Airways arena. The location could not have been better. Upon entering the restaurant I was informed by my friend that this building used to house an old department store- very cool history and found out later VERY COOL RESTROOMS UPSTAIRS!!!!!!!!! Who doesn't love a cool restroom?! It was decorated beautifully with modern touches. They have a ton of tasty cocktails to choose from. I got some type of mojito or something which was out of this world. Then let's pause and take a minute to get prepared to read about their amazing flatbread pizzas! I ordered the Bianco (it was a tad spicy but other than that it was perfect). This flat bread was huge and definitely shareable. I had friends that got the Prosciutto Pizza and it was absolutely divine. I plan on getting that the next time I go back. Hanny's is a must if you live in or visiting Phoenix! I can't wait to go back!
My husband and I saw this place one day after a shopping trip to Sprouts, and went back a week later to try it. It was great!!! We went for lunch, and almost all of their lunches are $5.95! It is a really small place... only seats about 40 or so, but the food is delicious, and the people are friendly. We have a 6 month old, and are always on the lookout for places that are "family friendly". (Basically we don't like getting glared at when we go in somewhere with our baby!) We were so impressed we went 2 days in a row for lunch, and will go back very often.
Yay! Found my new favorite restaurant in the area! You can't go wrong here... food is amazing, wait staff is extremely friendly and on top of their game (helpful with menu tips, never an empty glass, amazing). I have no complaints about this place. The atmosphere is like a small community where everyone acts like you're their best friend and the food is 5-star+! I love this place. I highly recommend the mahi mahi tacos, artichoke dip, chicken picatta, and stuffed chicken. So amazing... I can't say it enough!
Bacon wrapped shrimp were incredible as was the chicken, bacon ranch flatbread!!! This could become my new favorite place... And they have a great happy hour!
I decided to take my mom for her birthday dinner and was hoping for an amazing evening since most can agree...moms deserve the best. As soon as you enter through the door the ambience is instantly amazing. Service was more then we could of asked for. Very attentive and always looking to go out of his way to make sure we were happy. We started dinner with martinis and appetizers. The calamari is a must try (different creative and delicious). I highly recommend the chilean sea bass, literally melts in your mouth and definitely the best i've had here in the valley. We got a few side dishes to share and investing in some jalapeno au gratin potatoes as well as the black truffle mac n cheese was definitely a good choice. After dinner and without even asking (simply letting the hostess now via reservations we were celebrating a birthday) we were brought a few of their desserts. I am still dreaming about their home made peanut butter pie yummy! The staff was amazing they genuinely enjoy making sure guests receive the best experience possible. Thank you Daniel and Paul for making tonight a memorable one! Overall the best birthday dinner I could of asked for my mom and more :)
Great happy hour all afternoon on Saturdays. Decent sushi and drinks on special. Larger menu of entrees but I go for the sushi specials. Huge patio, I've even taken the kids for early dinner and they love it! The location beats other sushi restaurants for the same price.
Five Stars Yet Again!! I held my daughter's sweet sixteen birthday party here (this is her favorite place to eat). I reserved part of the back patio (North end). Prior to the event, I was a bit nervous because I wasn't sure what to expect for a party of 20 kids and 7 adults. I've only come to Kona for lunch with a couple other people. Both Zach (mgr) and Michael (gm) were helpful and prompt in answering all my questions. On the evening of the event, Zach made sure our party had enough "private" space as possible from other patrons on the patio. We had two waitresses assigned to us full time and the food was plentiful for all. And super delicious!! We chose the buffet style, so the kids had a variety. There was a live band that night and the singer was kind enough to take song requests and sing Happy Birthday to my daughter. The kids had such a good time eating and mingling that I had a difficult time getting them to leave when the party was over. Overall, I was more than pleased with the experience and most of all my daughter was happy. A special thank you to Zach for all that he did to make this a special birthday my daughter will never forget.
This place has been a favorite for a while - wonderful food and drinks for girls night happy hours and such. My husband and I chose to throw our post-elopement dinner here and it was an incredibly positive experience!! First of all, the back patio is beautiful! It's got an extra bar, tons of room, fire pits.. Our party was on a Saturday night, so they had a wonderful acoustic guitarist playing softer versions of pop songs. It added to an already lovely ambiance. The food was delicious!! Everyone really seemed to enjoy it, and the choices varied wildly. My husband's and my sushi was melt-in-your mouth delicious, and they even gave us a complimentary slice of key lime pie in honor of our celebration! Our large party of about 20 people didn't phase them a bit. I talked to the manager beforehand and had the whole thing scheduled in minutes, plus he was gracious when I called multiple times with questions. The servers were super nice and very attentive - no one ever had to wait for anything. They split the check in weird ways with no issues. All of the guests had a wonderful time, and so did we! We were only sorry they closed the patio at 10:30. I'd definitely recommend this location for large parties, intimate dinners and everything in between.
I've been here twice since September. The first time was for my birthday and the last time was about 3 weeks ago. Everything about this place is great: the design, the service and the food. The bar is small so the inventory is a bit limited but the food more than makes up for it. Get the chorizo stuffed dates and mac n' cheese. As my friend put it, "this is like an epicurean explosion in your mouth". Very true.
We bring out of towners here always. Great combination of super good, interesting food selections, cool re-hab architecture, and the house made tonic and ginger ale always garner a "What?" with guests. Our server was a pro - and with a great sense of humor. The place beautiful all the way. If your friends don't like this place, take them to Dennys.
I have totally fallen in love at Tuck Shop. Everything here is fantastic. My friend and I come here about twice a month and enjoy some snacks and wine. The beer battered Cheese Curds may just change your life for the better... we are seriously tempted to each get our own order. (I am not very good at sharing and i always get what I want! ...No i'm not an only child... well, maybe I was until i was 11, how did you know. WAH!) Oh, and Laura is fantastic. She always takes great care of us as we enjoy a glass of wine on the couch in the reading room. Thursday's special is meat loaf... don't deny yourself, just indulge. :)
Tuck Shop, I miss you. It's been too long. I've been to the Tuck Shop probably 3 or 4 times now and have never been disappointed. The decor is trendy and comfortable all rolled in to one. Being that it sits right in a neighborhood, it's almost like you're walking in to someone's house. The service has always been excellent, friendly, and knowledgeable about their offerings or suggestions about what to try on the menu. For appetizers definitely check out the grilled baguette w/creamy roasted garlic as well as the stuffed medjool dates and the Times Mac and Cheese. All are delicious! The Pine AZ Skirt Steak has to truly be the most flavorful and tender skirt steak I've ever feasted on. I always like to switch up their common offering and get the white cheddar waffles in addition to what the plate normally comes with. The waffles in one word are nothing short of AAHHHHMAAAZZZINGG. Mmmm.
Wow! I was really surprised by the food here! My wife and I were invited here as part of a group celebration. What a perfect place to host a small party! As you are driving to the Tuck Shop you feel as if you are going to get lost. However, we found it easily though based upon mapquest directions. The atmosphere is interesting and unique. My wife loved the decor, and it felt very comfortable. I found it funny that a few people were confused by the sliding restroom doors and thought it was appropriate to use the bathroom in full view of anyone happening down the hallway! I still remember the taste from a few standout dishes that night....mmmmm.....filet mignon and shrimp dish. I'm not sure if we had a special menu for our group, or if the menu changes frequently, but I didn't see some of the items we ate when I browsed the menu on their website. I have to go back again soon!
Cheese curds, chicken and waffles, Mac N Cheese with lobstah, oh the list goes on and on with this amazing restaurant. Nestled in the cute Coronado Historic District, the Tuck Shop has once again struck a positive cord with this Yelper. I've been here 3 times and have yet to be disappointed. The service is excellent and the food is to die for! Their chicken and waffles rock, although I will say that LoLo's edges them out on the fried chicken part, the cheddar crusted waffles and the corn and pineapple medley are superb! I will be back again and again and again and again and again and again and again......you get my drift
This is as good as it gets for ambiance and great food and being walking distance from where I live in Central Phoenix. The host is always friendly and his suggestions of the most popular dishes were right on the money this time: Beef Milanesa, Beet Cannelloni, and the Pea Shoot Salad are all top notch. And you always have to get the fried cheese curds to start. Their service is always professional and friendly. Don't walk but run to this place!
Absolutely amazing experience: let's break it down.. ambiance, food, service. Ambiance: This is a converted house that has some individual tables and then has some more family style tables. It has a partially open kitchen and a quaint little bar. There is a waiting area that somewhat mirrors and adult play pen or nursery (yes the adult kind).. Games, books, comfy chairs. So if you are waiting to be seated, you can camp out there. It's actually kinda cool. Food - absolute deliciousness. Starters: Cheese Curds and Grilled Baguette; Smaller Plates: Goat Cheese Salad, Mac n Cheese; For Sharing: Veggie and Ricotta Ravioli, Chicken and Waffles, Spiced Steak, and Salmon and Shrimp Cakes. Surprisingly, I thoroughly enjoyed the veggie and ricotta ravioli the most. I then enjoyed the cheese curds and the baguette.. they smokey dip served with it was AMAZING. Service - our waiter was a gem. Had an opinion about the menu, offered suggestions, checked on us at regular enough intervals. It was awesome. I believe the thing that made the experience the best was how they accommodated our group without reservations and were honest with us to say that we could be sat as long as we were finished within 2 hours because their was a reservation at our table. I thought that was awesome because they could have easily said "full house".. I've been to some places like that.
I discovered this on last weeks' visit to Phoenix and I'd go back in one second. In fact, I can't WAIT to go back. Tuck Shop is absolutely fabulous! You would never know what you're about to enter by looking at it from the street; so beware of the not-so-appealing curb appeal. Inside, the vibe is warm, cool, comfy and DELISH. David was our waiter. Not only was he adorable, but the perfect server: always attentive with great suggestions. The brussel sprouts and beets were scrumptious as were that night's special: lamb meatballs. Wine list was solid. Also, don't miss their house-made tonics.
Spinach and Ricotta ravioli a and some brussel sprouts! So good Also try the roasted beets!
Really enjoyed everything about this quaint little house turned eatery in the neighborhood, literally in the neighborhood. West coast salad was great. Pineapple,jicama,avo, greens, whatever, in a great sweetish dressing. Lamb meatballs were the best. 3 oval hockey puck like (shape only) sitting in yogurt. Moist, wonderful. Fish and chips were the special. It's fish and chips, not incredible but 4 stars. Not a lot of breading, a good thing. Service was perfect. A cool date spot.
Seeing that i had a bad experience at another Chipotle location in Phoenix, i realised that i will not go there and stick to this location always. I love this location, its a great area.
Is it ever bad at an Olive Garden? Being from Hawaii, I make it a must eat place at least once while on the mainland. This location was very clean and neat. Seating was no wait. It was just me (business trip) and I arrived at 5:30. The service was excellent, the food was good and the portions were large. I had the calamari, stuffed mushrooms, the beef tortellini, and a pomegranate citrus acqua fresca. Everything was delicious. That beef tortellini was OUTSTANDING. I had a ton of leftovers that I took in for lunch today and it was still just as good as the night before. The pomegranate citrus acqua fresca came in a really tall glass. They need to consider serving that with a bendy straw. It was refreshing, but too bubbly for my taste. The sparkling water made me feel like I was all gassed up. Or was that the fried calamari? :)
I'm bumping them up to 5 starts because I have probably been back half a dozen times since my last review, and have never been disappointed. It has absolutely become one of my favorite bars for 3 reasons.. A.) I once took a nap on the corner couch, and no one cared. B.) They leave out my favorite lifesavers mints in the bathroom. C.) Absinthe and Black & White movies with dancing midgets from the 60's playing. Order the White Rabbit and see what happens to you. #mouthgasm
Love this hidden little local bar. Really great selection of beers and specialty cocktails. Interesting mix of sophisticated clientele. If you're looking to get a little dressed up to go out, you won't feel out of place here at all. They play funky old scifi movies on the TVs and feature some cool work by local artists. They make a very tasty Moscow Mule. Or, if you're feeling crazy, they serve Absinthe with fire.
My quest for the perfect tamale is over. I've found it at The Tamale Store, and I'm here to Yelp about it. The tamales have a perfect masa (outter corn dough, not to be confused with the corn husk) to filling ratio. Often times I find that there is too much masa, but these achieve a perfect balance in each bite. The masa is moist but not mushy and absolutely scrumptious, but not too salty. Did I mention they were moist? Usually, tamales have me reaching for a glass of water to help ease the dryness down my throat, but these were perfection! I had the green chile pork and chicken mole tamales, both of which were evenly shredded and seasoned well. I honestly can't see how you could go wrong with either of these, so if you're like me and fear a disappointing meal when it comes to a food favorite, try these first and then venture out in future visits. And you WILL be back for future visits :)
We first encountered these wonderful tamales at the Scottsdale Farmer's market. The Tamale Store has the best tamales I've tasted since I have lived in Phoenix, and I am no rookie to Mexican food. I have literally purchased dozens of these and transported them to California in an ice chest for Christmas Eve dinner. Their masa is lard free, so I have no clue how they get the masa so light and flavorful. They usually have about 20 different kinds, including vegan and dessert tamales. And the people here are so nice! You can call in your order, but try to get there by 4:30 - they keep early hours. Pick up a menu.....you won't be able to decide, so just buy whatever sounds good. They freeze well until you are ready to make a sauce, toss a salad, and call a few friends.
I first discovered these delicious tamales at the Farmers Market on Cactus and the 51. After trying the Chicken and Green Chili tamale, I was hooked. I now regularly buy tamales each week when I'm at the farmers market. The chicken chipotle is hands down my favorite tamale they make! Perfect amount of spice and is great when you top it with goat cheese. These tamales are a taste of heaven! Not to mention guilt & gluten free!
The place is very small but it's staffed with very energetic people. They have a massive list of tamales that can be pre-ordered(highly recommended) or take your chances with ordering what their making when you arrive. We arrived at 3pm on the Monday before X-Mas and there were 20+people waiting for tamales. We finally got a chance to order and we were lucky enough to get a half dozen of red pork and half dozen green chicken. They were fresh out of the steamer. They are big and fresh and delicious! If you love tamales, I would highly recommend this place!
Seriously this salon rocks. I introduced my girl Jill C. there way back when she was looking for a new salon along with a potential salon for her wedding updo. I told her that they would take good care of her and not only did Shaunte and Deja make her looking absolutely stunning on her wedding day, Deme and the rest of the ladies made sure that us ladies in the wedding party looked fantastic too. Every time someone ask me where I get my hair done, I let them know Belle Melange is where I go and it is where you should go to. Speaking of which I need to make another appointment asap!
I recently moved here from New York and my hair has had the hardest adapting to the dry Arizona Climate. I saw Angela at the salon and she gave me the best deep conditioning, scalp massage, and style ever. She is extremely knowledgeable and makes me feel comfortable.
Although I've only dropped in here a few times, I've really fallen in love with this place. I just moved from LA back to Phoenix and I really wasn't expecting a whole lot returning home. I did not think a store like this could be found outside of the Bay Area, LA, or New York. They've got an awesome selection of clothing, hats, and vinyl records. The best thing about this place is the owners/staff. They're totally cool with you just hanging out and chatting and they even encourage you to dig around in the vinyl collection. They've got all the best things a hip-hop/street culture store has to offer and then some. If you're about real music and real style, this is the place to go in the Valley. Accept no substitutes.
Awesome company. They came out to my house to inspect for termites, found none, and then charged me nothing at all! David was very professional and helpful. Highly recommended!
La Frontera is the surprise find of the decade for me. In a city full of street side taco trucks, you'd never think that one would be so tremendous, but there is a reason La Frontera's truck is in the same place every day of the year. It's un-flipping-believably good. Upon first inspection, La Frontera is a mangled parking lot full of haphazardly parked cars, a few bums walking by every now and then, and a lot of neighborhood folks. The unassuming "restaurant" is made up of folding tables and chairs, a blue tarp as a sunscreen, and a truck full of awesomeness. The menu has all the Sonoran Mexican favorites like tacos, tortas, burritos, quesadillas, and chicharonnes. One will order at the counter using as much broken Spanish as possible, while the employee uses as much broken English as possible. Eventually you will find a medium, and you'll complete your order of amazing. When your number is called in Spanish, you'll get your order along with the typical limes, radishes, cucumbers, and salsas. Upon request, they have grilled jalapenos available at no charge. The food here is truly fantastic. The tortillas they use are fresh, homemade, gooey flour tortillas. Their meat is grilled to perfection and marinated exquisitely, which is something you very rarely find in a Mexican street food shop. My pick is the Burrito de Carne Asada, a large flour tortilla teeming with hot grilled beef, beans, salsa rojo, onions, and a bit of cilantro. If you're a taco lover, you'll love the barbacoa beef tacos, a Mexican style BBQ meat with an almost briny, indescribible taste. Wash your meal down with one of their many bottled Mexican sodas, and consider yourself lucky that you got to try one of the finest examples of Mexican street food in the state. I'm so spoiled now and hold just about every burrito in town to this standard... which has led to many disappointments. Be forewarned that La Frontera is cash only, and basic knowledge of Spanish is recommended, though not necessary. Just remember these phrases and you'll be good "Burrito de carne asada, con todo" "para llevar" "es todo" and remember your number. You'll never desire any other burrito from America's again, they just don't hold a candle to La Frontera, especially at twice the price.
Searching for food near Carolina's which was closed. Saw a line and a group of people eating and thought that must be a good sign. IT WAS GREAT! Had carnitas tacos that are amazingly delicious, chili verde burrito with papas is carnitas with green chilis-yum, the the chorizo torta with fresh avocado and grilled jalapeos - awesome. Very impressed. Great tortillas too.
I would always here my sister talk about going to the frontera and never asked her what it was....so finally my friends called me up and told me they were picking me up and taking me there...the food was great!!! I ate so much I went into a food coma
Next bout!!! Arizona Derby Dames 2012 Season Banked Track Roller Derby Season Opener Brutal Beauties vs. Runaway Brides and Bombshells vs. Coffin Draggers Saturday, December 3rd at Arizona Veterans Memorial Coliseum Arizona Veterans Memorial Coliseum is located at 1826 W. McDowell Rd., Phoenix, AZ 85007 (602-252-6771). Doors will open at 5:00 p.m. with the bouts starting at 7:00 p.m. General admission tickets for the stadium seats in the Coliseum will be $12. Two hundred general admission tickets are available for standing room on the floor around the track for $12. General admission for children 12 and under is free. VIP tiered seating right off the floor (with access to a nearby VIP only bar and restrooms) will be $20 for adults and children. Parking will be $7. Tickets will be on sale the day of the event at the Coliseum box office starting at 4 p.m. Advance tickets may be purchased until 2 p.m. on rd at arizonaderbydames.com where group discounts are also available. Follow the Derby Dames to Chopper John's at 2547 E Indian School Road for their 21 and older after party immediately following the bouts.
This place is not closed. They may have been for a short period of time but if they were, they reopened. The food is unbelievable.
We use our bikes every day. I commute to work on a bike and my son rides his bike to school. So when my son's bike got stolen I took the morning off and went to the Trailhead Bike Shop and Cafe. The shop is less than a mile from our house and I was looking forward to using a shop so close to us. The owner Kiel listened to what I was looking for and made appropriate recommendations. The bike I wanted for my son had to be ordered and he gave my son a rental on the house so he would not be without a bike. Unfortunately, my son's new bike was recently stolen too!!!! We're hoping it turns up, but will likely be replacing it at the Bike Cafe. I also bought a road bike to go along with my commuter bike. Kiel worked to get me the best deal on the type of bike I wanted. The staff is great and the food is good too.
This is the craziest, smelliest, scariest, busiest, creepiest and closest Circle K to me. This is where the homeless come to pee, the disable crazies come to run into walls with their wheelchairs and all the druggies come to buy rolling papers. This place could seriously be its own reality show. I'd watch it 24-7.
The best brisket meal I've ever had! The place is small and unpretentious, but it's all about the food. And the owners are some of the most pleasant people I've had the good fortune to talk to. I could hardly wait to come back to try the pulled pork and the chicken.
Man, I have to say, I love this place. Especially on my side of town, with such a lack of good java houses, Press is tops. I like it so much I even took the glamour shots (ha!) for my website at Press. My girlfriend and I have been going to Press since they opened their doors in November and it's like our little Central Perk. The staff, from owner Steve all the way down to the baristas, is an excellent group of lovely people that know their java and help give the spot a welcoming feel. The espresso is creamy and caramelly, just like it should be. I love how they've incorporated coffee, food, wine and even beer into their repertoire. The paninis are excellent and the pastries are possibly even better (I've only tried the brownie, but wow, it was good - warm and gooey with a nice crispy crust). Sign up for the Press newsletter on their website (presscfw.com) - they have a lot of fun events that go on all month long that you should know about (think coffee tastings, wine and food pairings, singles nights, bring your pets events, latte throwdowns and even an upcoming comedy show). Good luck finding any coffee spot better than this on the north side.
Pros - the iced coffee is really good, the service is very friendly, they offer the syrup sweetener which is key for iced drinks, you can purchase decent bottles of wine to consume as well Cons - none It might have been the beautiful days or the company I was with, but the 3-4 times I've been here, I left a happy camper. My GF and I have made this place our regular coffee spot when we have time on the weekends to unwind. The last few times the weather has been so amazing that we even took advantage of the outdoor seating.
This place is amazing! I decided to try it one day because it is right by my work, and I have been hooked ever since! Some of the best soul food around this side of town! Personal favs: spicy catfish (which by the way you can now get in nugget style!), mac-n-cheese, and their beans (which are a combo between ranch style beans and sweet beans; I can't even begin to describe the mouth watering flavor). I always ask for my catfish extra spicy because their regular spicy batter doesn't cut it for me; they never object! Food is consistently ranked for HIGH QUALITY.
Catfish. I now love catfish. HOLY CRAP do I love catfish!
When I was a kid, pizza was magic! As an adult, thanks to the many national pizza chains, and the advent of $5 Hot n Ready..it's lost it's sparkle. I rarely ever pick a pizza destination anymore, unless I'm needing to get my kids on board. But yesterday, I tried Humble Pie for the 1st time..and it took me back to when Pizza was new. AWESOME!!! I should mention, they told me about the $2.50 Happy Hour Kiltlifters right away, so I was in love before I even placed my Pizza order. I had the Roasted Potato & Garlic pizza, and I'm still dreaming about it. There were places where the crust was burnt black..and even that was great..how do you do that?? I can't imagine going there and trying anything else..I'm the type of guy who finds one amazing dish and sticks with it. But my wife had the BBQ chicken and was equally impressed. My advice...if you haven't been to Humble Pie...go there.
I have been subscribing now for a few months and have been completely delighted with the produce that has been delivered. This morning along with my normal order was the homemade pecan cinnamon bread that I ordered. This was also a great treat! Highly recommend ordering your fruit and veggies from Nature's Garden!
I really enjoyed my hike here! When we drove up I saw how many trails there were so we really had our work cut out for us. One of my favorite things when hiking is when there is a lot of looks rocks, it is a great workout. This mountain had that, is was perfectly steep, and just invigorating. The scenery is breath taking and makes you really appreciate life. Hike here for sure. I am going again.
I've been going to VK Elle nails on Camelback since I moved here 3 years ago. I've tried a few other salons along the way but keep going back. Yes, its likely that you'll wait a few minutes for your service due to the large following they have but I can assure you that the wait is worth it. And once in the chair, you'll never feel rushed. It's the only salon I know where you'll get a 15-20 minute foot and leg massage. Try going at the beginning of the week to get in faster. Enjoy!
I decided to give this place a try despite all the bad reviews, I was in the area and they were able to get me in without a wait. The place is nicely decorated and the girls were all very personable. I showed Christeen my tech a photo of a design I wanted on my gel manicure and she was able to replicate it perfectly :) while my hands were drying in the top coat stage she even came over and gave me an AMAZING shoulder massage!! Customer service is always top for me and this place def won me over, glad I decided to not listen to everyone else this time around.
With 5 young adults in my home, we have had our share of "computer emergencies"! Lance has been our go to guy for over 5 years. He knows his stuff, is reliable and reasonable in charges. Most important he is honest and trustworthy.
This place is amazing. There is a sign out now to point you in the right direction so much easier to find. I highly recommend this place. I have now used them 5 times and each time was for heel repair. I was able to wait for my shoes and they were done within 10 minutes.
I went to Tony's based on the reviews others have posted. Tony's exceeded my expectations. I dropped my favorite Boulet boots off one afternoon for new heels and soles, and picked them up the next. I would recommend Tony's to anyone looking for fast, reliable, reasonably priced service.
Fast delivery, and tasty food! Love this place
I'm normally not a 5 star giver however I am very impressed and might I add full from this place. I had the food delivered after searching Yelp for chinese delivery. The food arrived faster than a pizza and it was HOT! I had the orange chicken and shrimp and asked for it not to be spicy and it wasn't. My son is a picky eater like lo mien but not the veggies and they hooked him up with chicken lo mien only. So we are sold! The online menu on Yelp is out dated and prices are a few dollars more.
Chipotle bowl has just the right amount of spice and just the right amount of sweet.... I swear the donut has some crack or something. They just hit the spot. Great service, clean location, simple good food.
This isn't a fancy place, but the food I had was delish!! I had fish tacos because that is my favorite Mexican food to try at new eateries; I was not disappointed. The prices are reasonable and the place was clean.
Where do I begin! Atmosphere is cool. Drinks are "dynomite." It's next door to my work. The staff is well, HOT! WOW! Oh yeah and the food isn't bad either. Really, the food is awesome. It's very healthy and they have an extensive menu and it's very affordable. My favorite is the Shawarma (Mediteranian Roasted Chicken Pita). There are several other locations. If you haven't tried one you should! Get that Whopper out yo mouth get your fat butt off the couch and get something healthy for a change!
Love PIta Jungle for lunch! What an amazing menu they have, so much to choose from! I love their gyros and beans! I also love that they have smaller selections so you can share a few items or just order something small for a child! It is a perfect place to meet someone for lunch, so delicious and the prices are very reasonable!
The best hummus I have ever tasted! I have even tried buying several different store brands just so I can have hummus at home, but I have not been able to find anything as good as Pita Jungle's. They have an online allergen menu showing all common allergens that are in their food. This makes it so easy to order right off their menu with many items not even needing any substitutions if you do have an allergy. I love the Happy Hour as well. Many times I have walked away only spending $10 and that is with tip. Their Happy Hour consists of small portions of their hummus, shrimp, scallops, pine nut chicken, falafel...all about $2 a piece. Oh and wine is I believe $3 on HH as well. Yum Yum!
After a concert at the MIM, we went to have a late dinner. They were close to closing, so we orderes from the happy hour menu. Everything was yummy, the pizza, falafel, scallops, etc. Abs the prices were just right!
Great service, sat at bar(dining solo)... Great food and the only place I've eaten so far that I will def come back to! Yumm yumm
This is a very small "hole in the wall" restaurant. They are primarily known for their catering but the food at the restaurant is some of the best around. The Chips and Salsa are winners themselves but everything I tasted was equally delicious. Try the Cheese Crisp with Green Chili's. They are not to hot but packed with flavor. The food is cheap and the portions are large so make sure to leave room for desert. They definitely have me wanting to visit Taos.
Gil was so friendly, super professional. The New Mexico enchiladas were delish!!!! Hands down for this place!!!!
Arcadia is such a mecca for upscale lunch places (Wildflower, Pita Jungle Chelsea's Kitchen, La Grande Orange, Acacia and more are all within a few miles of each other) that it's easy to miss some hole-in-the-wall lunch spots that compete with (or beat out) the more well-known places in the area. The first spot like this that I discovered (and was surprised to see that only a few people had reviewed) was Bertha's Cafe. Then, thanks to Joel L and Sean O's reviews, I stumbled upon Chestnut Lane. What a great place! Truly. The atmosphere is striking with refreshingly simple and minimalist decor that's interrupted only by gorgeous brightly-colored fresh flowers. The menu is up on a simple board with a few cafeteria-like selections in glass cases. The woman who either owns or manages the place is clearly passionate about what she does and is very friendly and efficient in running the place. What about the food, you ask? Well, what I've tried is been really flavorful and satisfying. A few standouts: the house salad with arugula, orange wedges, parmesan and candied walnuts (I don't love salads so if I like one, you can bet it's good!); the pumpkin black bean soup; and the tuna melt. I have not yet had the pleasure of trying the corn chowder (the soup rotates on a daily basis), but I have this feeling that I will love it, especially if it's paired with the delicious crusty bread. Personally, I thought the blackberry lemonade was a bit sweet, but I can picture watering it down with some club soda (and maybe some vodka?). Now that's homemade I can truly appreciate! Definitely check Chestnut Lane out if you're in the mood for a fresh, good-quality and affordable (for the area) lunch. You won't be disappointed.
My sister got a cake for my shower and it was BEAUTIFUL! He copied the shower invitations and it was PERFECT! Everyone enjoyed it especially me!! Thank you for making my day special=) DELISH!!
Why review a gas station, you say?? If you have to ask yourself this question, you have clearly never experienced the pure bliss of the QT. I purchased my truck to 2005, and it has never had a tank of anything by QT gas in it unless I'm out of town. Prices run a couple cents cheaper than the other guys, and you get the added benefit of being able to partake of the beverage selection, which puts all other convenience stores to shame. There are few days of my life when I can't be found with a QT fountain cup in hand. Add to that the fact that the QT doesn't take on the faint odor of vagrancy that tends to plague other stores in Phoenix *cough* Circle K *cough*, and you have yourself a winner. QT 4 Life!
Dr Struble is wonderful! I am a nanny and have cared for lots of kids. With that comes a lot of experience with pediatricians. Dr Struble tops them all! She never rushes, answers all of your questions plus some, and is extremely devoted to her patients. She has a great memory too! She is a mom too that can relate to all of your feelings as a parent and will never take any question or issue lightly.
So I've been going now for 2 months and figured I'd give a little bit of an update. The GOOD that I mentioned earliar is still all there...I am enjoying Krav very much and have recently started doing a bit of Bag and Core classes also. I am not a huge fan of Core classes as they remind me of Gym classes which are boring and dont keep me engaged. The bag class is really fun because you are punching and kicking the whole time. The Krav class is amazing...but I got to admit that going 2-3 times a week...I've started to learn everything they have to teach in this beginer class. What does this mean you ask? I'm glad you asked. This means I need to move into the more Advanced class like Fight or Tactical Black. Here is the issue with this.....it costs more money. Now I'm not a cheapskate by any means but since I'm already paying $120/mo for basic Krav....going to $160/mo is just a little brutal for what you get in return. I mean the only thing that $40/mo extra is paying for is the ability to move up a class....you have to buy the equipment yourself so its not like you are getting equipment they have to pay for or anything. Kinda sucks. Obviously this leads me to the BAD/UGLY I mentioned before. It very much a money driven orginization. I was cornered after about a month and told that I needed to sign up for a year if I wanted my 3 month membership to apply towards the year. I never knew I only had 1 month to decide...I thought I could play out the 3 months and then decide....but I guess I missed the fine print. The equipment you can buy there is also marked up big time, as I found the same equipment I bought for cheaper elsewhere. Anyway, overall I still rate this place 5/5 and am having a great time and met some really cool people here and still try to recruit my co-workers to join...I just wish FIGHT and Tactical Black was all part of the same package...I dont agree with charging more for taking a different class...bleh.
I love Li's Bowl!
I love Metta Yoga. The instructors are so warm and helpful, and the other students too are not afraid to laugh and also help me "get" a pose. Awesome vibes to this place. I bought a package deal so I could come again after my first free class.
I love breakfast/brunch, and I've gotta say I found a place that really fits me! Scramble was everything I was looking for! The food is great, the people are nice, the location is adorable, and decor is fun/modern. I also like the way you order, there isn't pressure to wait for a server to come to you, you can get your refills as needed, and enjoy your experience without hoping that you get a good person and not a server having a bad day.
I had just finished a workout and I wanted something healthy. I passed by Starbucks and all of the other "breakfast" places and nothing really seemed to interest me until I saw Scramble. I had eaten there once before a couple of years ago, but I had forgotten all about it. This time, it seemed like going to a whole new place. The price was very reasonable and the service was fantastic! All of the servers did an excellent job making sure that I had everything I needed. I ordered the southwest breakfast burrito (I think that was the name) and I substituted the chorizo with bacon, and had them add mushrooms instead of the jalepeo cream cheese. It was excellent and more than enough food. I took home half of it in a to-go box. I would recommend to anyone who wants a good breakfast menu with very tasty healthy items. I can't wait to go back!
Fast friendly service, fresh good breakfast foods.
The food is so yummy here. The decor is great and everyone is very friendly. Casual atmosphere, great place to go for breakfast or lunch. I highly recommend it after a good hike on North Mountain!
Used google maps + yelp to find a nearby breakfast spot to Point Hilton Squaw Peak. We were the second people in on a Saturday morning at 6:30am (early risers due to diff time zone), and were very pleasantly surprised by very friendly staff and endless fun & healthy options. We had a breakfast sandwich, "brizza", and multigrain apple pancakes. Everything was well prepared and flavorful. Will definitely return!
Amazing breakfast. I have the Meat Lovers scramble with sourdough toast. Excellent. Orange juice was fresh squeezed.
Probably the best breakfast I've had in quite some time. We ordered the southwest burrito and sunrise sandwich. Absolutely delicious. If you like avocado and chorizo you will love the burrito. I was very impressed with the service. Always nice to be greeted with a smile. I will be back when visiting.
Great place!!! I have been taking my two dogs here for the last 4 years! We always see Jane for grooming! We have not yet tried their boarding services but will in the future when we need it. Jane is so amazing with our kids (pups) and she really makes you feel at ease. She takes time to learn their personalities, always asks us what we like and we have never had an issue with their cuts or experience! I was a little neverous bringing our small dogs to a cage free grooming with other large dogs out, but they have never had any issues and tend to make a lot of friends. Jane also reassured us, in the beginning that if she needs to cage up a pup for any reason she will but it's a wonderful environment. So if you have small dogs do not worry!
I love Bill Bailes at Cherry the Salon. I have referred several friends and strangers to him (yes, sometimes my hair looks THAT good where complete strangers ask me who does my hair!)... he's super-sweet, funny, and just a great guy. Everyone I've referred has become a regular customer of his, too. Cut & color... ask for Bill!
The coffee is absolutely the best in town. For the price, get the large. They have a wide assortment of coffee combinations, specials and even yerba mate on the menu. The staff is friendly and cheerful. I am hooked!
I am not often in this area as a general rule... but my daughter live pretty close, so I always make a detour into Dutch Bros Coffee! I just filled up my first punch card so now I get a FREE coffee next visit! Yay! I always get the hot Latte Breve... so much BETTER than Starbucks! Highly Recommended!
Crazy good coffee! Staff super fast and friendly! Prices reasonable! Everything that Starbucks is not!
I love this place so much. Every time I visit my parents in Scottsdale we make a trip to this location a few times throughout the week just because it is so delicious and the staff is so friendly. We have had many different baristas now and they are consistently friendly and seem to love their jobs. They always take an interest in us, make recommendations, and make conversation while making our drinks. My favorite so far is the cocomo, a coconut infused mocha! So delicious.
We did a two night "staycation" here. It's very close to my work, so my commute was cut down to almost nothing, making for a very relaxing stay. For a hotel of this class...very nice. Breakfast was terrific, healthy options, even whole grain batter for the waffle maker. Fruit toppings for waffles were a nice touch. Great selection of food here. Our room was nice, roomy, comfortable, well-appointed. Staff were very friendly, the front desk had folks waiting at prime check in time. May have to do it again next week!!!
Great place to go if you got a sweet tooth. I always come away with a Carmel Apple, some of the best ever!
Overall, a great experience. Misgana worked with me to stay within my budget - definetly one of the more affordable services in the Phoenix area (and I called all over!!) Scott the driver was great also. They helped make my wife's 40th bday a day she will never forget.
A late night industry hangout vibe. I've driven by this place several times without ever venturing in. I went with several friends last night and loved it. Wasn't super busy and the bartender was efficient. Low key and super friendly patrons. Try a shot of Jameson with pickle juice! Yummy combo.
From the outside Crazy Otto's looks like the kind of place I would pass by without a second glance. (Although the name is pretty catchy so I suppose I might look twice.) Inside the decor is simple, license plates adorn the walls and the tables are just tables. But where this place really stands out is in the food. I had read the other reviews and expected to see gigantic pancakes. Crazy Otto's did not disappoint! These things were huge! The spilled off the platter. Platter mind you, not plate. The boyfriend ordered the stack of three. One would have been enough, even with me stealing a few bites. I ordered the eggs, bacon and hashbrowns. The bacon was fine, nothing amazing, but the scrambled eggs were cooked just right and the hashbrowns were the best hashbrowns I have had in Phoenix. Only Al's Breakfast in Minneapolis has better 'browns. They were cut thicker than most and had a rich buttery potato flavor. I would go back to Crazy Otto's just for that alone. Overall, I would say if you care more about what's on your plate than what's around you, you'll love breakfast at Crazy Otto's.
The best corn beef hash in Phoenix
Love this place. really great breakfasts and LARGE portions. Been coming here for 6 years and love the food. Gets crowded on the weekends so be patient , the wait is worth it. Build your own omlete is 410.50 but i get three meals out of it.
Always The BEST!!! As close as you can get to sitting on Fields ave in pee eye. Great wait staff, friendly people. Great food!! Not too pricy and you will get enough to make you smile later. Friday nights can jump after 7 PM and you can sing and drink pseudo red horse beer and dance if you dare!
I really, really liked this place! I tried it for the first time today since my neighboring Filipino restaurant I wanted to try SUCKED! (They didn't have anything and had horrible customer service) I'm glad that happened since it led me to this place. I'm half Filipino and can tell good Filipino food. I tried the pancit, chicken adobo, lumpia, fried pork skin, and halo-halo. All were like my grandmothers cooking and I was pretty impressed! I felt very comfortable in the atmosphere. The young girl at the counter was very helpful with my initial order and so was the younger guy helping me later. I liked that it felt like a family owned and ran kinda place. I will be returning here to try their talapia, panakbit, sinigang, and tocino, this is well worth my 30 min drive to get there.
When I was a kid, and a restaurant would close that my mom & dad liked, they would always say, "oh, darn, I guess we didn't go there enough." Sapna Cafe is one of those places that I plan to go to enough! It is so darn CUTE, great adaptive reuse of an unusual space on Grand Ave. But most importantly, the food is AWESOME. Friday night I stopped in for dinner solo - warmly welcomed. But, sadly, only two other tables were occupied. Two more came in while I was there. Now there are only maybe 12 tables in the place, but still. Based on the tasty food and the almost anachronistically low prices, this place should be rockin' every Friday night. Constantly changing menu, because everything is fresh-fresh-fresh. I was also offered numerous off-menu options, by the lovely and friendly server, Paris, and settled on a linguine pasta with shrimp and pesto sauce. Oh my it was so good I snarfed it right down, and wanted to pick up the plate and drain the remaining yummy olive oil pesto sauce into my mouth. (But I didn't. Really.) Dessert was homemade Tapioca pudding, yum! If you do Facebook, fan them and you'll get the planned special as an update every day. Go, really - it's awesome.
wow what a cool little place i adored it stopped in here for brunch on sunday? and it was a perfect experience other than being a little hot inside i ordered the andalusian toast for $2, delicious! this is what i would consider the pinnacle of toast the paragon of toast really i thought i was good at making toast i feel ashamed, and embarassed. The skill with which a couple of simple ingredients were combined to make such wonderful toast astounded me. I could go on and on really, I happen to love bread that much (not the 70's band of course). i also ordered some coffee for $2 all in all $5 for brunch, in a lovely little homey setting the owner/chef made you feel very comfortable and relaxed. Its really cool how much Grand has changed over the years, Sapna is a great example of that change, and I hope other trepidatious small business owners take a lesson from Sapna. Do yourself a favour and stroll down Grand ave. sometime and hit up all the cool little shops and bars and restos, im sure you'll be pleasantly surprised. The only bad points of my experience were beyond Sapna's control: note- huge table of older yuppies behind me who were loud and judgemental, i vividly remember this one old douche exclaiming "excuse me but we were the first group here and the last to order!" to our sweet young little waitress, the look of embarassment and reticence on her face pained me, i couldnt help but think, 'Really? Really? cause i seem to recall your big group coming in AFTER me...but no no go ahead and complain please!' love sapna and will gladly be coming back when they have more of that gypsy stew in stock!
As much as I love Dunkin Donuts for their iced coffee, their donuts are horrible. These are the real deal. If you really want to go over the top, get a Lamar Bar. It's a chocolate or maple bar filled with white, bavarian, or chocolate cream. It's fantastic, got be be a 1000 calories but so worth it. They have heavenly cake donuts too, the kind I remember from years ago, sturdy cake, perfect frosting, sprinkles if you dare. Service is welcoming and genuine. I ordered a large decaf coffee and they were just brewing a new pot but it was going to take another 60 seconds so they gave me what they had for no charge (it was almost a full cup). I love it when businesses see the value in taking care of their customers for little to no cost and then gain them as customers for life.
Great variety of items, good people on staff. Prices seem to be very reasonable compared to similar type clothing and accessories.
Are you kidding....? This place rawks! They have a store front and will allow you to taste a few too. They do events like 5/21/09 they are going to be at Independence High School for a carnival. If you go to Chino take a few steps North and get some excellent popcorn. Candy Bar Caramel Backyard BBQ Wings and Ranch Fiesta Taco Cheese and Bacon Cheesy Chipotle Caramel Apple Smores Toasted Coconut Butter Pecan Banana Toasted Almond Cookies and Cream Jalapeno Cheddar Red Hot Cinnamon Caramel Chese Mix Caramel Cake Batter White Cheddar Pinapple Jalapeno Firecracker Crunch Strawberry Chili n Lime White Chocolate Churro Cheese Chocolate Chocolate Chip BUttered Kettle Korn This is a Personal Favorite Garlic and Herb Yeah It can be overloading but It is easier to order then Chino. lol
Samples! Samples! Did someone say free samples? I love popcorn. I still buy a 3 pack of Cracker jacks from time to time. Fiddle Faddle brings me back to sneaking a box in mom's bag when we went to the stock car races on Saturday nights. So maybe I have an unusual love affair with sugar coated popcorn. Eating a whole 3.00 bag was definitely cheating on someone, I'm not sure who. But our romance will not soon end. Not with flavors such as cordial chocolate cherry (with real dried cherries), cake batter, and jalapeno cheddar. The sweet and lovely owner denies that there are any nutritional facts to divulge about the popcorn, but I'm pretty sure that if I ever get caught eating a three dollar bag, I'll be in sugar divorce court. It would be worth the hassle though. Fresh and sweet popped goodness, cheap.
I give Postino's 5 Yum's for the delicious Bruschetta and the huge variety! This is a great place to come with friends and have some wine and bruschetta. Nuf said!
I love Postino's! I guess that is all I really need to say:). Everyone else pretty well covers the details. Michael and I come here often... we love the all day happy hour, the food, the wine of course and the service is always excellent. My latest favorite is the Pub Board but the bruchetta is always awesome too. The central phoenix location is perfect!
This place is addictive and is going to get me into trouble. The wine by the glass list is small but very good, when the food arrives it's even more interesting and tasty than you expected when you read about it on the menu (excluding the bruschetta which I found uninteresting), but I think the best thing is that this is a great place to hang out for an afternoon. Staff are friendly but not in a goofy way, helpful when you need without being condescending and, unlike so many wine bars, professional in appearance and behavior. Good people watching with a pretty diverse clientele. I haven't done my usual Saturday chores for two weeks now, instead finding excuses to hang out here all afternoon. baaaaaad I prefer this location to the one on Campbell because it's airier and has better service. Recommendations? If you can't decide, get The Plate which has bits of all kinds of things, all of which are wonderful. Try the sparkling sauvignon blanc for a nice change from the typical white wine. And of course try to do so before 5pm to get your wine for $5.
Yes!! A Postinos by me!! This one offers indoor and outdoor seating with a better view than the Arcadia location!! Good to come here to start First Friday, have the bruschetta and cheese plate. Plenty enough to go around ,2 to 3 people. Great stafff on hand as well!
Patio, fireplace, heater, great wine and great bruschetta. LOVE IT.
I just wanted to add... The brunch is fantastic. The french toast and farm scramble were delicious. All of their brunches are about $7-10, but all look like hearty meals. There options are not the run of the mill bacon and eggs. They have put together some very delicious unique dishes. I will definitely be coming back to try different dishes. I have also been back several times for lunch and dinner and the food still rocks!
LOVE Postino, best bruschetta ....ever. Go on Monday or Tuesday after 8 and you can get a giant sampler of it AND a bottle of wine for $20. Love their brunches, love their location, love the free valet parking. It's basically a giant love fest. Also, their staff is amazing, no matter how busy they are you always get great friendly, timely service from lovely people. P.S. they like dogs too, so sit on the patio and you can bring yours...they even have little doggie dishes of water to keep your furry friend hydrated. What's not to like.
Absolutely one of my favorite Phoenix stops. The wine list is fantastic and changes regularly (not sure how often, I just know there was a shakeup since we started going there). The wait staff is knowledgeable and well versed in the wines they serve. They have given us spot-on recommendations about MANY different types of wines and have always been honest and true. My wife is not a huge wine fan, but told them the couple types she's tried and enjoyed - and they have recommended a few that she has really loved. They do not steer you in the wrong direction. I love just going and asking for a new recommendation based on a couple things, and I find something new and tasty nearly every time! Best value is to get there before 5pm. All glasses of wine are $5 until 5pm. A very easy and inexpensive way to try some new wines to see if you like them. The food is quite tasty as well. It seems like small bites, but it usually quite plenty for our group. There are usually 3 or 4 of us at most, and we ALWAYS get the bruschetta. It is fantastic. Different flavors come with each one, which is great for the variety. The smoked salmon is so smooth and tasty (and I don't love salmon, so I was surprised how much I enjoyed it). The pesto is fantastic - whatever they offer with pesto, get it. Think my favorite flavor of bruschetta is the tomato jam and cream cheese. It seems odd but is great. The sandwich/paninis are great as well. The turkey pesto is great and the chicken with sun dried tomato sauce is AMAZING. We have a hard time trying new things just because we like these so much. Service has always been attentive and helpful without being overbearing. Water is refilled often and everyone has been exceptionally pleasant.
I have had a love affair with Postino now for over a year. He never does me wrong. Unlike some other guys I have dated. Anyway, the best time to come is on Monday or Tuesday at about 7:40. This way you will get seated at around 8 when magical o' clock happens. this when you can pay $20 for a board of bruschetta and a bottle of wine. Seriously, the deal is so great you will find yourself getting three of these pairings and Postino will gain all there money back. But nevermind that. Let's dwell on the bruschetta. My favorite is the prosciutto. The tomato jam, mozzarella with tomato basil, and brie and apples are always quite stellar. They also have this new burrata with bacon that should make a welcome addition to my usual board rotation. Can't go wrong with the wines, but ask your server for a recommendation as the men in plaid (yes, all the men wear plaid) are usually never wrong. If you are so lucky as to come on a day when they are serving corn chowder, then you must high five your future self by ordering a bowl. Oh, yea. The patio is amazing with the fireplace and their giant bar is both inside and outside and the inside has all the couches and intimate lighting and wine racks. The only downsides are the necessary valet and the ugly Circle K across the street.
This location is far preferable to the 'original'. Way better feel and flow of the building. Gotta love the panini and salad split :)
I visit Postino almost every time I visit Phoenix! I love this place!! Their food is very reasonably priced and yummy too! My recent visit to Postino was for lunch with my sisters and mom over the Thanksgiving holiday. I had the bruschetta for the first time after much praise about it from my sister. My favorite prosciutto and fig...yumm-o! I also had the chicken chili which was also very good. It was the first time I ate inside, which was great. I love the outdoor seating as well. The service is speedy and very friendly, definitely a Phoenix favorite of mine!
This place rocks. Great vino, great food, great atmosphere. If you're looking to impress a date with something more than a bar happy hour, this is the place.
Best bruschetta in town! Great variety of choices. Yummy crusty bread. Awesome wine selection. Go before 5 (any day of the week) and get wines by the glass for $5- great deal! Great date place- nice patio and hip interior. Can get a little loud on Friday and Saturday nights.
I absolutely love this place. I am addicted to wine and this is the perfect place for that. I had the bruschetta and chose the brie and apples with fig. . it was amazing! Perfect combo with the wine the waitress suggested. I was there on a Saturday night, it was pretty packed but definitely worth it. We sat outside, it was chilly but they had heaters out there. After a few sips of the wine I forgot about the cold anyway. I will definitely be back to Postino for more wine and bruschetta! Sooooooo gooooooood.
BEST wine cafe in Phoenix! No exaggeration. Their 11am-5pm happy hour everyday is unbeatable. Their wine selection is great and if you don't like something, they take it back and help try and suggest something that might be better. The Bruschetta is damn good too. Jenny is the server I always try to get because she is so damn sweet! There is no place like Postino Central.
Yummy! My friends catered in some postino central for my bridal shower and I've been with a girlfriend as well. I absolutely loved it! The wine selection is great and the food is amazing! I will happily go back hundred of times!
This was the absolute epitome of perfect date night spot! We heard about it from a good friend, and boy was she right! Get the bruscetta to share ($14) and it's a meal! You absolutely MUST have the brie, apple, and fig sauce bruscetta! You will literally be licking the board, it is just so delicious! I am not usually one for wine bars (I don't drink wine, but my boyfriend does) and the wine was almost expensive per glass as the food, but he said it was worth it. If you are prepared to spend $9+ a glass, then it's worth every cent. It's not much from the outside, which actually almost deterred us, but don't turn back! It's dark and romantic, but also edgy and hipster-ish. They have $20 bruscetta and bottle of wine nights on Monday and Tuesday after close, and I cannot wait to go back. I live in Mesa, but it's worth the drive all the way to Phoenix!
Hands down the BEST wine bar in Phoenix! Let's talk about this. The menu has enough variety to satisfy everyone, food is always fresh, and I love the rotating beer and wine menu. I always try a taste of Brent's latest pick of vino. If you haven't heard about the famous $20 special on Monday and Tuesday nights, you must come down and try it for yourself. These folks really know their wine and bruschetta. What about dessert? You haven't really had an affogato before until you've had a Postino affogato. And the chocolate bouchon? AH-MA-ZING! Have you popped in for brunch lately? I go nuts for the Farm Scramble; they know just how to roast Yukon Gold potatoes and it's always just the right blend of gruyere and white cheddar. Yum! Treat yourself to the triple cream brie and walnut toast; you'll be pleased with the berry preserve that tastes oh-so-truly housemade. The servers here know their wine and treat you with platinum service. Seriously. I feel like I am being waited on hand and foot when I come here. I see my water glass refilled before I can even ask, my wine bottle never stops pouring and they beat me to it whenever I feel like I need a second helping of well..anything. No wonder this is such a spot for first dates - if you want to make a good impression or really just make sure your guests have a good time, this is the place where you'll surely be taken care of.
The bruschetta was phenomenal! And the wine and ambiance were great too. However, there was a snafu with the waitress. She ID'ed us for the wine and asked what our zip code was. Well, I passed but my friend had moved around so much that he couldn't remember his zip. It was pretty awkward for about 4 minutes when I said to just say your street address. And she finally let it go after much hesitation. It really weighed down the experience... And oddly enough she wasn't really our waitress the whole time. There was another short hair blonde server that seemed to be the main server. She was extraordinarily pleasant and checked up on us throughout the meal. In the end, the first server came back to give the check. So that was the only downside. The food was so great! I had an artichoke dip appetizer and we ordered 4 bruschetta that are cut into four pieces. There was a goat cheese and roasted red peppers which was my favorite, this apple and fig which tasted like a delicious candy apple, this bacon one and I forgot the other one... Lol. All in all, if love to come back... Oh and complementary valet parking!
The bruschetta is out of this world with lots of unique and creative options. The paninis are also great. Pair these with some wine and who could not love Postino?! This place is always busy so expect a wait and to have to valet park.
To be honest, paninis and bruschettas are not my dish of choice. My wife loves them, and seeings how it was Mother's Day, it wasn't about my preferences. Plus, Postino has that semi-romantic setting that is perfect for such a day. That being said, the food is made with love, and if I am to eat these particular items, this is probably the place to go. $5 pitchers until 5 pm; that's a nice touch as well. I love the atmosphere here: hip, classy, and relaxing (complete with live music). The server was friendly, and I can't complain about complimentary valet parking either. Overall, a great experience, and I would recommend Postino on Central for special occasions and/or date nights.
They finally did it, and thus they get FIVE STARS now. What did they do you might ask? PEANUT BUTTER fro yo!! I officially am addicted! Is it wrong that I have three frequent buyer cards sitting on my desk?? I think not.
I'm not usually a fan of sweets but they have a perfect balance in their consistently superb variety of changing flavors.
Great selection of yogurt, impressive toppings and a very friendly staff. You will not be disappointed!!
I stopped by at the recommendation of a friend and found the staff friendly, helpful, and expeditious. The coffee I had was just the right mix of strong, and not too sweet. Their pastries were exceptionally tasty. They are apparently done by a company called 'Wicked', and Slade Grove (The Owner apparently) was there, and was also exceptionally friendly, and mentioned a Peanut Butter Pudding he was working on. I am going to have to go back there and try that some time.
So THIS is what coffee is supposed to taste like!! I have been having coffee at chains for years and thought it was fine. Then I had Luci's latte and am a convert. I live in Mesa now but used to live in the area and I make excuses to come to Luci's for coffee. I've never had any of the food, but it looks great and I love the local atmosphere. Great place - would love to see it thrive!
I've been here several times and each time I am amazed at how wonderful the food is. The ambiance is great- the tables and chairs are right at the front in a community type setting. You can also pick up groceries while you're there!
Love, love this place! I discovered it in the same little shopping area with one of my favorite consignment shops. Luci's has a cafe with seating, as well as a healthy "grocery" type area with healthy fare. The cafe has sandwiches, salads, and a great breakfast that's served all day. They have several coffee drinks also. One of my favorite items is the Smoky Joe's BLT, which I always get in a tomato or spinach wrap with a side of fruit. The grocery area has lots of gluten-free and vegan items. They also have some novelty items, my favorite of which is a sticky note pad declaring "You're on my Sh!t List" -- dang, that little sticky note pad is damn therapeutic!! Parking can be a pain when it's busy, so just be aware...
Yes! Health food, drinks, and entrees to order. Sonoran White chocolate ale and Yuma soft medjool dates makes a fantastic dessert. Gluten-free waffle with with on the side and extra strawberries makes a delicious breakfast. I liked it so much that I purchased the T-shirt! The manager was nice enough to mail me an accurate size as I ordered a size too small!
What a wonderful cool little place! I had a roast beef and horseradish sandwich with the best potato salad I have ever tasted!!! I lived most of my life in Austin Tx and the south prides themselves on their potato salad! Luci's if by far the best! Our real estate agent took us there and I'm still thanking her for a wonderful lunch! I currently Live in Albuquerque and just ate close to the same sandwich here at Flying star it was repulsive. Luci's is wonderful and you wont be disappointed!
SuTRA Midtown Yoga is a wonderful studio with friendly and gracious staff. There are a wide variety of classes with something for everyone. They even have outdoor classes on occasion, which is wonderful. Go check it out, you won't be disappointed!
Sutra may be the PERFECT yoga studio. The owner and her husband couldn't be more inviting, and the instructors are not only friendly and warm, they kick butt!! Sebastian's classes make my legs quiver and Danielle has me sweating my buns off, and loving it!! The prices are some of the best I've found for my crazy expensive yoga addiction! You MUST check out Sutra ASAP!!!
I try to attend Skullpt two to three times a week. I have yet to wake up the morning after a class an not be sore head to toe! They really work you out and I saw results very quickly. Not to mention, this is the best I have felt in my life. I have done several yoga classes as well, and as a beginner, I have learned a lot and have very much enjoyed every class. I really like the instructors and staff at Sutra. I feel comfortable working at my own pace, but feel motivated to push myself every time I am there and try something new. The studio is a great space, the raw juice bar is fantastic. I really can't say enough good things. It is worth every penny because I am improving my health and confidence day by day.
Great place with good trainers. I spent 3 months using this gym as a preparation for a 300 mile bike ride down the coast of california. I had a great time and definitely got in great shape for the ride. If I lived closer I would probably still be going there.
Thank u all for your review I have always wanted to try in but was A bit afraid but you guys have encouraged me to do so (:
Try the soft-shell crab roll. Great sushi and Japanese food at affordable prices.
I was recently in Phoenix on business and tried Akia Hana. They have a huge variety of custom rolls and their happy hour deals are great. I ended up eating there several times during my trip and if I return to Phoenix, I will be back. The staff is cheerful, the bar is clean and my food was fantastic.
Best in Phoenix and it's not even close. Location leaves a bit to be desired but the food is always excellent, variety unmatched.
Moria Sushi is just a two block walk down the street for me so it couldn't get any easier for me to get to but I'd drive quite a distance to enjoy their excellent food, warm reception & service and contemporary decor.
I'm not one to go the traditional route. I prefer to pick several appetizers and add a few rolls when I am doing a sushi outing. OMG you have to have the Hama Chili, Crackling Calamari, Tuna Poke and Sunshine Roll. I love spice but when you pair it with grapefruit, anyone can take the heat on the Hama Chili. The Crackling Calamari isn't your vanilla appetizer you find elsewhere. Amidst the crispy tentacles, you have a treasure trove of Asian mushrooms, cabbage and crunchy textures that spoil your tastebuds. And if that isn't enough to have you lusting, the Tuna Poke is amaze balls. I love the rice crackers because it's the only way to "permissibly" allow you to scrape the bowl without looking like you lack etiquette. To cleanse your palate of the explosion of happiness erupting in your mouth, the Sunshine Roll is an delish crowd pleaser and closing for your tasting. For someone with a linebacker appetite, I have to admit I was very happily content. Happy belly happy face!!!! From all the various Buddhas to the chainlink bathroom entrance, I love the setup because it immediately invites you in with the shimmering lights dancing above the bar and the dark decor to be flirtacious. And who can resist a big Asian DJ spinning the best 80s tunes as you down your cold saki to forget the hot days of summer ahead. Definitely making another trip back and will check out happy hour with my entourage. You will not regret it!!! This place oozes sexy and those items are pure seduction.
I love this place. Every time I visit I come here. I did miss out of Bucket of Crab night :(
I get my haircut here once a week and it's always great..my barber's name is Al and he is awesome but all of the barbers are really good here. You can even get a razor shave or a shoe shine while you are here. Recommend scheduling an appointment because it can get pretty busy sometimes except on Saturdays because they don't do appointments on that day..1st come 1st serve. Go check it out..you want be disappointed!
Absolutely delicious and their lunch special was perfect for a man on the go. I went in, sat at the bar, and (I believe her name was Jenny) Jenny was an awesome server. She gave me my choice of any salad on the menu and a slice of heaven, I mean pizza. She even explained what it meant to be gluten free. Not that it matters to me personally, but it's intersting to know and helpful to many I'm sure. Thanks guys for the great service, awesome salad(super bomb crutons that I've been dying for), and the little bit of heaven in a pepperoni covered slice of picazzo!!
Really great. All gluten free (except the beer) I think. Happy hour was 50% off all apps and dollar off drinks entire restaurant not just the bar. Meat balls with artichokes and the wings were great. Caprese salad was great. A few vegan options too. I'm a meat eater with a gf wife so awesome place for me!
This was my first time ordering from a butcher and I am now hooked. The meat is less expensive than the grocery store and the quality is so much better. You have the option of ordering grass fed beef or regular beef and the prices can't be beat. I needed the meat sliced paper thin and they did that with all 15lbs at no extra charge, which was great. They are very friendly and helpful unlike some other butchers I called. I highly recommend this place.
Nice small place with great service. I'm from the south and as a kid in a poor family Jowl Bacon was the best we could afford. I remember Mom cooking with it and the exceptional flavors from this little known fair. The meat shop is the only place in Phoenix that I found Jowl Bacon. The memories I've cooked up in the last month have been great. Thanks folks!!
Wish I could give this place more than five stars. If you understand the concept of grass fed beef, this place will become your go-to butcher shop forever. Not a good location, small shop, but they do a fabulous job. Allison is the very best.
After doing some research into grass-fed, pasture raised beef, I decided to make the switch from the corn-fed stuff you find at the grocery store and find a local butcher with high quality meat. In come Yelp and The Meat Shop! After reading the reviews, I decided to call ahead and place an order. I can't remember the woman's name I spoke to but she was really friendly, super helpful and suggested different cuts of meat for what I had on my menu for that week. I was able to score some ground beef on sale that week so I picked up a few pounds of that (I normally do ground turkey but they don't sell any poultry) and also some beef tip steak for a stir fry I was cooking. While I was still a bit nervous about what to expect when I walked in, I found they were just as nice in person as they were on the phone. Pick up was easy and they had my order ready the same day. As other's have mentioned, the shop would be easy to miss driving down Buckeye but they do have a sign out front that has helped me spot it both times I've been. The second purchase I made was for a new roast recipe I wanted to try out. I should have asked before ordering a 3 pound beef roast because it was a bit more pricey than I'm used to paying at the store. $26 for 3 pounds. I have no hesitation in paying for quality food, there was just a bit of sticker shock when he rang me up. Next time I'll ask about pricing. All in all, a great place though and I'll be using them in the future for all my beef and pork choices. Now I just have to find chicken and turkey! Message me if you know of any place that pasture raised chickens and turkeys that's local!
I take Salsa, Bachata and Tango classes here ever Sunday night. I love this place. All classes are $5 dollars and we have a blast. They have a schedule on their website. They offer so many classes that everyone can find something they like here. Terry is the owner and he teaches some classes. Our instructor Miguel teaches the Salsa and Bachata. Get your dancing shoes on. It's addicting.
I live in Southwest Phoenix and I faithfully make the drive every two weeks to get my nails and toes done. I also go to Katie to get my hair cut every 6-8 weeks. I can honestly say that everyone does a great job here. I've been following the owner for about 14 years now and she's amazing. She hires the best of the best and does not allow "attitude" from her staff. We've all been to salons where the staff is talented but can be a bit snobish. Not here. Everyone is warm and welcoming. Melissa for waxing, Kaeleigh for nails and toes, and Katie for hair. Mind you, I've had everything done by everyone there, but as you ladies know, we all have our favorites. I've never had bad service there nor a bad cut, fill or pedi. I really love these ladies and this salon... If not I would not be driving and hour and a half round trip every two weeks. I feel like I'm part of the family there!! And I'm sure they will make you feel the same!!!!!
The food at this little cafe was amazing good. It is authentic bosnian cuisine, and very reasonably priced. I would not hesitate to return and recommend to my friends and family.
I just wanted to say that I was contacted by the owner last week and they gave me a full refund including tip that was given! The owner also offered me a free bikini and brow wax, no pressure just gave me the offer! I have to say that they are very professional and they far exceed my expectations in the customer service department. I just may have to take their offer! Thanks Glow Skin & Body Studio!
I was planning on driving a far distance for a good wax until I stumbled upon Glow in Ahwatukee! The ambiance from the moment you walk in is soothing and friendly and the receptionist was incredibly accommodating, and the waxing experience was as wonderful as a brazilian wax can be (haha)! Stefani was a great aesthetician and kept me calm and comfortable during the wax process, doing an incredibly thorough job to ensure that it looks perfect. She truly cared about my skin and paid close attention to detail which I appreciated. Overall, the entire experience was worth the $50 and I would love to experience a facial or massage in this studio. I recommended this place immediately to a friend of mine who had an amazing experience as well and I'm bummed I am moving away after I found this gem!
Right across the street from my house is the new park and boy is it awesome! I love everything about it. The "Her Secret is Patience" sculpture, the light pillars, the solar panels that offset the park's energy use, the hills, the chess/checker tables, and the rehab of one of my favorite buildings. Everything about this park makes you want to go there. In a few years, those trees will be full and cover almost 75% of the park. Tons of shade, tons of grass, and tons of love for the new Civic Space Park.
I'm from Chicago, so its safe to assume I'm a bit of a city snob. Or so I used to be! I am so impressed with how downtown Phoenix is coming to life! This Civic Space Park is amazing! I love the weird thing in the sky (my theory is it's the leftover DNA from Aeon Flux), I have listened to some great music here, and the AE English Building is home to free yoga in the summer on Thursdays! The Fair Trade cafe downstairs is just awesome if you like local businesses! (If you don't, why are you reading?) There is parking all around, plenty of free and inexpensive options. The lightrail is practically on top of the park, making it very accessible. It's actually a park, with trees and grass and everything! Great place for a date, for families, or just yourself! There's even a splash pad with colored lights at night that kids can enjoy.
I had never heard of this place, but after following my friend to Charlie's one night, this foodie friend of mine mentioned that a well-known local chef said this was one of his favorite places to go. With his stamp of approval, I immediately jaywalked from the lightrail stop at 7th Ave over to this goofy looking van with a "CARNE ASADA" sign in the window. Don't worry - the food is not actually served out of this van, of which I had accidentally given my mother the impression. There was a small line, but the small assembly line of taco-makers are very speedy, so the whole experience only took about 15 minutes. We ordered the carne asada tacos, which were $1 a piece, with everything on them (salsa, cabbage, and sour cream). I am always skeptical of hole-in-the-wall Mexican joints, as I got deathly ill after (my one and only) trip to Filiberto's, but I truly enjoyed these tacos (and my stomach did not reject them.. yay). I think they are only open Thursday through Saturday, but I am not positive. My boyfriend and I live down the street and went back the other night, and had another great experience. There are a couple picnic benches for customers to eat at, but as we were not in the mood for this type of atmosphere, we took the tacos to-go and they were just as yummy to go!
The best mexican food you could ask for after a night of deep debauchery at Charlie's. The Carne Asada Burrito is delicious enough to entice me out of my usual veggie diet.
Two words. Naco Torta. O.M.G.
What hasn't been said already. I have probably eaten here 20 times. Always very good. Food is fantastic. Great margarita's. I have turned on many people to this place and they have always thanked me. Two thumbs way up.
In heaven, there is a Gallo Blanco Cafe. In fact, I pray all the time that when I die I go here. :D Seriously amazing food. Service is hit or miss, sodas are hit or miss on fizz, so I get the Juaritos Mandarin if I can. But the food is the MOST amazing food in the WORLD perhaps. Ok, actually, not COMPLETELY but, I love their crispy cheese, the corn, oh the corn, which is latered in cheese and other heavenly substances. Their chicken alone, with a few tortillas, each bite skyrockets you to heaven. I have yet to try their tacos. I know you are asking "HOW?!" well, I was vegetarian when I found this place and havent been able too order it since. Dont even get me started on their guacamole and chips. OH. I WISH I WAS EATING IT RIGHT NOW! If I was able to, Id eat this every day. Gallo Blanco, I love you. I have also tried their pancakes. I did not think they were as amazing as everything else they serve.
I love love love this place! The food is fresh and much is grown or obtained locally. The vibe and overall ambiance is amazing. Great drinks. Really good guac(oranges!!!) I love the chicharron de queso, its different but soooo good. The tacos are amazing and you can mix and match because they are cheap. The corn on the cob reminds me of fun times in Mexico. The rice and beans-so-so, but who cares. This place is awesome. I told my Mom we should stay at The Clarendon for my upcoming birthday/Dbacks game instead of downtown just so I can have breakfast there. The Clarendon is cool, but this place is AMAZING!!! I cant wait to do breakfast there.The owner does a great job making sure you feel welcome. I have seen him there every time I visit and he goes out of his way for every guest to make sure they are happy. BRAVO!
Everything I have tried here is delish!!!! I don't care for most Mexican food (it's the one type of food I try to avoid aside from chips and salsa) but this place has become one of my FAVORITE restaurants! I've been twice in one week and have been telling everybody about it! The atmosphere is fun, the service is great, and the food is unbeatable! They have delicious chips and salsa! The salads are phenomenal, with all sorts of fresh fruits from pumpkin to pomegranate mixed in, and the seared ahi tuna torta is incredible! Their iced tea even tastes special, and so far all of the desserts are out out of this world! I especially liked the smore one! I love that they have a wide range of choices, definitely not just typical Mexican options here.
Went here before a Phx Suns game. DELICIOUS! Everything on the menu looked amazing. I forgot what it was called, but the open-faced steak sandwich was my favorite! All the dishes were even presented nicely! Will definitely eat here again!
Several years ago I was on Vacation with my family in France. For the hell of it, we decided on day one to identify the very best Creme Brulee in Paris. We ordered Creme Brulee after dinner, we ordered it after lunch, we even picked up a few Creme Brulee's at popular patisserie's throughout the city. Our Creme Brulee's would make their way around our table and we would discuss the merits of each. We analyzed those little euro custards as if we were trying to impress an eavesdropping Anthony Bourdain. Did we prefer it with or without vanilla beans? Warm or cold? Deep remekin or shallow? When it was all said and done, we found the best. Believe it or not, we did the same thing in a little Mexican village called San Miguel de Allende. Only this time it wasn't Creme Brulee... it was Chilaquiles. When our trip was over I assumed that we found the best in San Miguel, possibly even the best in the world. I was wrong. Whatever we deemed superior in San Miguel was completely outmatched by the Chilaquiles I had last Friday evening at Gallo Blanco. Simply amazing. A perfect blend of savory, spicy chile with the faintest hint of citrusy sweetness. It had a wonderful contrast of various textures, and just enough crispiness on the top layer to make me forget the failed excessively soggy versions of my past. And it was all topped off by two perfectly cooked eggs... sunny side up. The service and atmosphere were also exceptional. I can't wait to go back.
PLZ PLZ let me be the 320ish review of this cafe... yaaa .. 1st, not really much the standard looking "cafe," they serve lux coffee but its on the smallest section in the back of the menu...semantics..whatever. Now that is out of the way, I will start by saying .Hello "Gallo Blanco, you classy down to earth minx." Great place for two glaring reason: Taste & Design Taste]]] I had the veggie torta...and for a man, such as myself, who lovs meat I was very hesitant on ordering this protein deficient and possible savory lacking veggie torta....i like meat. Thankfully, GBC subdued my hesitation and the veggie torta abides... and all is well in the universe. Design]]]] Walking into Gallo Blanco reminds you that PHX local business owners are still innovators of the industry. Its that or they are really good at ripping off other peoples ideas. Personally, I think that it really takes both to create a great atmosphere and some authentic gumption to be a little different, but still..not..weird. Thank you to Patrick S. for actually making me go here... R\_ NOte: Make sure to be prepared to find parking NOT very accessible.
I had never heard of Gallo Blanco before my Yelpathon began. What a sad, sad life I had been living. The restaurant and bar were so cozy, in the lobby of the Clarendon Hotel. While hanging out at the pool, we had their $5 happy hour margaritas. I usually prefer a skinny margarita - hate the taste of sweet and sour. The bartender assured me there was no sweet and sour in the bar, great news! The margarita was still a bit heavy even though it was made with fresh fruit juices. It was still yummy and you can't ask for more at $5 each. After a day at the pool, we got ready and headed back down for dinner. I had no idea what to expect, but was very happy when I looked at the menu. I'm a girl that likes choices. Variety. I was in for quite a feast. The tacos range from $2.50-$3.50, which means you can try pretty much all of them and not break the bank (although you may be really full). My absolute favorite was the night's special: a pork belly taco with who knows what else on it. All of the tacos (I tried the Halibut, carne asada and pork belly) were perfect. Do not try to do the whole "with extra this, no that, substitute such and such" thing here. Just don't, you'll love them as they are! Three tacos + chips and salsa and the amazing Paloma (think Grapefruit Margarita) were enough to fill me up - though I was throwing around the idea of ordering just one more taco. You can't forget breakfast either. I gott the Breakfast Burrito. Love. It was about a foot long and I made a severe dent in it. And even though this is a Mexican joint, the pancakes looked AMAZING. So yes, literally everything about Gallo Blanco was perfect, and I will be back VERY soon.
Awesome Mexican food. Chilaquiles, shrimp ceviche, tortas, and all of the tacos were delicious. Oh, and their tomatillo salsa was awesome. I didn't care for their horchata, it lack flavor.
Being in a hotel, many people may not think of Gallo Blanco when looking for a delicious, authentic Phoenix restaurant to eat at. But this is a huge mistake! Gallo Blanco hits all of these marks and more with its amazing food, eclectic atmosphere and focus on high-quality, local and sustainable food. Even now that I live in GIlbert, I am still bringing visitors to this restaurant all the time. Their guac is among the best I've ever had, breakfast is fantastic, totas are to die for and even their burger is brilliant. Their cocktails are also fabulous. Best Bloddy Mary in town, and their house Margarita puts many restaurant's higher end Margaritas to shame. And don't get me started on the Prickly Pear Margarita! If you are reading this debating what restaurant to go to. Stop the debate, get in the car, and go to Gallo Blanco
The food was delicious! There was a long wait to get a table on a Saturday night but I ordered one of the cocktails and didn't mind the wait because it was the best drink I've ever had! I hope I can recreate it at home. The atmosphere was very cool. I'm looking forward to going Gallo Blanco again.
Ridiculous. Absolutely ridiculous, in the best possible way. I was in Phoenix to support a loved one when their father was passing away. Their father passed, it was our last night in a city, we were emotionally drained, completely unfamiliar with the city, and decided we were going to toast to the man we came to honor and have a good dinner. There was a review for the restaurant that said, as a local, he took out of towners and family there because it was the perfect representation of what Phoenix food was and how it should taste. With that, we ventured over to The Clarendon Hotel. If life ever takes me back to Phoenix I want to stay there; there being a mid-century modern, art covered reinvented boutique hotel in downtown Phoenix. I died a million deaths waiting to be seated, appreciating the perfectly stated atmosphere, not overdone or pretentious. It seemed as though one of the issues the older and more family oriented crowd had on Yelp was the ambience. My assessment was that there were a lot of late twenties - mid thirties patrons, some obvious out of towners of all ages, and two large dinner parties. The light is dimmer, the tiny bar is right next to the restaurant with a partial wall between us and the servers were dressed down and chill. I wouldn't not [gotta love those double negatives] take my children or an older couple there...it's not Chuck E. Cheese's or Marie Calendar's...but it is also not a night club. Does that make sense? It's all good. When we were seated I immediately ordered their prickly pear margarita a la the prickly pear cactus. We're definitely in the desert, Toto. I initially disliked their menu since it was pretty much a la cart and I wanted a meal. According to Yelp and the server [who was nice] I had to try the tacos. I'm not really a taco person; tacos tend to be small and unsatisfying, but I took everyone's advice. When in Rome, right? I ordered a side of guac, jasmine rice with hooooot tomatillo salsa & four tacos: cochinita/braised pork, carne asada, halibut, and shrimp. Our server insisted we order the tres leches cake even though the orange cake sounded better [she said it wasn't all that great]. Okay...the only way I could ever describe this experience is: DANGEROUS!! Everything melted in my mouth and all the flavor danced atop my taste buds. I ended up ordering another round to eat there and another round on top of that for our friend who stayed at the hotel because the idea of her not tasting what we had tasted seemed like sin. I really cannot say enough good things about the environment and food. Don't walk, RUN ;D
This is our go-to restaurant. Trendy and SOO yummy. Must order...elote - Mexican corn. They have happy hour EVERY DAY! So the prices are decent. They also have a breakfast menu, which is actually pretty good.
Updated and still great....I took a break from putting up Christmas decor. I was in the mood for a torta so I decided to pop by. Since my last visit, the patio has been expanded with some sun shades. Art and the interior also have some bright updating done. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The guacamole is great and still a highlight for me. I ordered the Carne Asada torta. The food was out promptly and the music provides a great eclectic and urban feel. Happy hour deals are great and include some food items.
Love, LOVE this restaurant. From the fact that they use local growers and meats, healthy ingredients, and recycled materials to decorate... to the nitty gritty: the taste of the food... this is for the price, hands down the best Mexican in Phoenix. Try the Naco Torta with a margarita. Absolutely divine. The carne asada has a sweet finish that melds so well with the hot salsa, you'll be having dreams about it. Also deserving honorable mention is the ceviche. I have tried ceviche at every well-reviewed restaurant in Phoenix, and El Gallo's consistently comes out on top. The shrimp is uber fresh and perfectly seasoned - just the right amount of fresh lime and garlic. Huge chunks of crunch and fresh avocado - outstanding. The guacamole is also fantastic. I like to squirt a drop of El Gallo's home made table salsas on each scoop for an extra bang. But it's not needed as this guac is bursting with flavor. I've had excellent service on several occasions at El Gallo - some of the wait staff are truly top shelf, have the menu and all ingredients fully committed to memory, and care enough to describe and recommend. It's like getting 5 star service for a meal that will cost you less than $30 - ridiculous! Don't waste your time with other Mexican food in the valley - this is the ONE.
I've eaten here a few times for brunch and thought it was delicious. Today, I took my team from work for our team outging----what a great experience!! We had a party of 9 and everyone was very very pleased. They don't take reservation on Fridays but I called ahead and they had our table ready when we got there. Our server was very friendly and did a great job with our orders. Our drinks were refilled as soon as they were empty. The food came out with perfect timing and tasted wonderful. There menu is not the biggest but there is someone for everyone. The guacamole is to die for. I believe most of their food is locally grown and organic. The prices are unbelievable compared to most restaurants in the area. I would definitley recommend this place for dinner,lunch, happy hour or brunch!
Wednesday nights are a must go ! The dancers are amazing !! This place is so awesome can't wait to go back ! Yummy yummy food too ! :) excellent servers !!
My first reaction was OMG sooo yummy! Second reaction.... My new FAVoRITE Mexican place. Had the guac and ceviche to start.... AMAZING! Very tasty and lots of flavor. I could not eat fast enough. Had the shrimp, fish, and carne asada tacos, I'm stuffed. Soooooo good. Definitely worth it
As a residential Realtor, moving companies play a very important role in my industry. Since most people don't work with them regularly, my clients typically ask me for a referral to one, rather than choosing one out of the phone book (WHO DOES THAT ANYMORE ANYWAY?!). Just-In Time Moving and Delivery is the only moving company I recommend. They are a good, local company who works throughout the Valley and across the nation. And, best of all, when I ask my clients if they liked working with Just-In Time, they always comment on how friendly and reasonable they are!! I love that!
I have moved many times in in Scottsdale, Tempe and Chandler and have always had the worst time with movers here. I finally wised up and came to Yelp to find some good movers, and that's how I found Just-In Time Moving. The reviews were right - these are the best movers you will find. They were efficient, careful with my stuff, on time and honest. The quote they gave me is what I paid. They did my fairly large move in half the time the other movers did it. They were nice, professional and I honestly can't think of one complaint I have about them or the company. Will recommend to all of my friends and will be using them again for our next move, but hopefully, that won't be soon!
I hired Just-in Time moving for a move from my 1,000 square foot apartment in North Scottsdale to my new place at CityNorth on May 21, 2012. This company and the crew -- Bobby, Jeff, and Daniel -- are wonderful and absolutely amazing. It was an absolute pleasure to work with them. In short, Just-in Time was: ON TIME, PROFESSIONAL, COURTEOUS, FAST, WELL-PREPARED Andy and I discussed the move over email when I filled out a contact form. He responded same day and was prompt with all future correspondence. Pricing was upfront -- I paid $103/hr for a 3-person crew which I believe is a discount since my move was scheduled for Monday: Monday through Thursday are discounted from $119/hr (I think) to $103/hr. There was also a one-hour trip charge for $103. They brought all blankets, tape, and shrink-wrap. They even had tools to dissemble my furniture and assemble it at my new place. Andy communicated with me a few days before my move date to confirm and communicated with me throughout the day on the scheduled move date to keep me updated of any time changes. (The move was scheduled for 11AM but the crew had a bigger job so it pushed back to 12:30. I had the option for another crew at our originally scheduled time but I was running late so it worked out perfectly). The crew was very fast, kind, and did not damage any of my items. The crew shrink wrapped furniture and packed up my flat panels with extra care. They were willing to disassemble and assemble all of my furniture but I declined just to save some time. The crew did disassemble assemble some items and took the time to do a perfect job. I estimated $500 for my move -- about 4 hours + 1 hour trip time -- and they completed the job in 2.5 hours and the final bill came to $360. Andy is very fair with the quote process. If you are up front and open with him about what you have and how ready you will be -- i.e. boxed vs. loose items -- I believe your final bill will be extremely close if not exact. There were no added fees or surprises for the final bill. Now, the crew did say I was especially ready for the move: most of my items were in boxes and color coded for the rooms. So, I don't want everyone to think they are going to pay less than what they are quoted. However, they did move as fast as they could without rushing and cutting corners. Just-In Time also does furniture delivery service. I will only use Just-In Time in the future and recommended them to the property manager at my new place. These guys are awesome.
I called Just-In Time on Monday to see if they could move a very large china buffet to Goodwill. They were very professional and courteous and mentioned I could save some money with the Yelp Deal in place. Robert and Rick, the crew, were very professional, on-time, and very efficient. I was so impressed I wouldn't hesitate to use them again! Thanks guys!
Just in Time Moving is FANTASTIC! They showed up on time and hustled! They were done moving early and even helped me with other items that I had. They are cheaper than any other movers and the guys were super nice. I will use them again when I have to move. Awesome job! I highly recommend anyone use them over anyone else!
This place was amazing gyros best in az
I can't say enough about this business. They really know their stuff, professional and also social. As a homeowner, I occasionally have need for an electrician, a job too big for me to tackle on my own for instance. In the summer of 2008 I'd completed an exterior remodel and obtained a jacuzzi that required 220. I also wanted to equip the same patio with three ceiling fans and a couple extra outlets. After talking with them in person on the patio, checking out the job, I knew I'd be in good hands. Shortly after, I received a thank you email and thereafter, a very professional bid, and we scheduled the job shortly after. In no time at all, my jacuzzi was bubbling and heating, and my j-boxes were ready to receive ceiling fans. I could say so much more about this company, they're really well put together and I'd recommend them to any home-owner. Their reviews on the ROC websites enforce the fact that this is a company worthy of a bid.
I LOVE Two Sparks! I live in an old house (built in 1935), and before we found Two Sparks, we used several different electricians, many of whom complained about working in an old house. Boo hoo for them! Michelle and Brigid own and operate Two Sparks and they do all the work themselves. They know what they are doing, and they are terrific to work with. We've had them do big and small jobs at our house, and all their work is top-notch. They don't talk down to you, they explain what they are doing and why they are doing it, their work is excellent, and their prices are competitive. Frankly, I won't use anyone else ever again. They are that good.
I didn't actually stay here but I spent a lot of time there one morning when I had an accident right in front. The early morning security guard was a great help and the valet even came to check on me when it took forever to be helped and offered me some water. If everyone who works there is that nice, I will make sure to recommend it to all my out of town guests.
The food and service far exceeded my expectations. And, that is saying something considering I took an out-of-town client there. The fruit, veggie omlette and pumpernickle toast were outstanding. The only drawback is they don't open until 9 a.m.
Ok... now that I have an official Lola addiction, I feel like I can write this review. But be warned... it's only about 2 of the many items they actually serve here: Iced coffee and scones (two of my biggest vices...). The iced coffee is strong and perfect... no sugar needed! It's a blend of coffee and espresso, so maybe it's not the right drink for you if you're a frou-frou coffee kind of person. But you could always throw some syrup in it (if you want to ruin it... ;) ). And it goes perfectly with.... SCONES! Moist inside... crunchy outside... uber-buttery... perfection. They rotate the flavors daily, but all of the ones I've had have been wonderful. I dare you to find a better scone in Phoenix (and if you do, please let me know). If the rest of the things here are as good as the two I've mentioned, Lola is don't-miss. Of course... I'll probably never change my order. :)
This is definitely one of my favorite coffee houses in Phoenix. Incredible coffee and fresh baked pastries. Did I mention they have espresso whipped cream? Yum.
If you are looking for a more personlized feel...A-Peeling Faces is the place. Darla is amazing and extremely flexible with my schedule. The best part is that there is no pressure for a monthly contract. I started out getting massages, but moved on to facials and an occasional eye brow wax. Darla is knowlegeable about all her products and has never used anything that irritated my face. I definitely recommend Darla for skincare and massages!
Every 4 weeks I get a massage and facial... I am constantly told how I look younger than my age and I know it is due to Darla! She is an expert on facial care and products. I have been seeing her for about 10 years now, and she is the best I have ever met in the skin care world!!!
The menu from the Gyro House is a staple around our house. If we lack the energy to make dinner at the end of a long day, chances are we're calling in an order. I've been telling myself that I would get on here and promote this place for ages. These small mom/pop restaurants where pride is still taken in the food are exactly what most neighborhoods lack. The owner is friendly and energetic and is quick to get your order in with the kitchen. I typically order the large salad topped with gyro meat which comes with pita bread...I wish I stopped there. This place serves some mean steak fries for cheap and I struggle to say no when they offer them up. If you're in the area and you're not picky about decor for your dining experience...try this place out! Great food, family run, and pretty darn speedy!
Great food, clean , friendly, good price and a lot of amazing food. What I order, gyro sandwich, small side of hummus with pita bread and/or French fries or substitute with Caesar salad or Greek. Don't forget to get the baklava. Such a delicious treat all under 20$!!!!
If you want Cheap go to Walmart! But if you want authentic eclectic trinkets that you will proudly own and showcase in your home this is the place for you!
Its hard not to love Arcadia Tavern. First of all, the spot has completely rewritten the history of this anchor space at the SEC of 48th Street and Indian School after many lackluster restaurants died miserable deaths prior. Second, to have a local neighborhood sports bar that has the game day atmopsphere of a college hangout, but then serves the quality and variety of food that A-T does, makes its a great stop any time of the day or week. Finally, its walking distance to and from my house, and if I ride the beach cruiser up, there may be a free beer involved. Not only is the beer ice cold, but its served in a frozen chalice the way beer deserves to be honorably presented. Hot pretzel with spicy cheese, Prime Rib Dip, Tavern Burger, Tavern Wings, Tavern Tots....just a few of my personal favorites. If your looking for a local Arcadia watering hole, that you can get a fantastic meal, look no further than the Tavern.
Great nachos! Great service from Lauren.
This. place. is the bomb. Great happy hour, bartenders are always friendly and helpful, and if you go enough they'll remember who you are. Chef Rob does an amazing job with the food on just about everything - some of my favorites are the Arcadian pizza and the California Chicken. Oh - and if you like sweet potato, you have got to try the sweet potato tots. You can die happy after you have these. Crowd is pretty diverse, but everyone always, always gets along. That, coupled with the great drink deals and awesome food, makes the Tavern a regular hang-out spot for sure.
Was here for a UYE week 3 football. Came to watch the Sunday morning game and the viewing was very good. To start, their parking lot is full and they have complimentary valet...just let them park...why waste time. Next, when you walk through the door, to the left is a little table with coffee, cream, and some delicious flavorings to boot. They have all their TVs tagged with the game so you know exactly where to sit. The day was beautiful as was their outside patio. They had a good selection for breakfast with the essentials...bacon, eggs, sausage,pancakes, etc.. I had the biscuits and gravy..I found it to perfect. I saw some of their lunch menu being served and it all looked great. I ordered a bloody beer and a couple more as the game progressed. The whole staff is very friendly and on top of things. I was very pleased to have been introduced to this place and will be back in the near future..perhaps another Sunday game day.
This place is 12 miles away from my house. My boyfriend and I make it a point to go once a week. The wraps are AMAZING! And, fresh! And, you don't feel like lard after eating one. Doesn't drain you and/or make you crave a nap. I get the Farmers Market Wrap which is vegetarian and is sooooooooo good. My mouth is watering right now. And, my boyfriend gets the Laguna Tuna. He loves it!
Dr Allen and especially her assistants are so incredibly tops and encourage you to participate in your own treatment plan. Dr Allen gave me the facts at hand so I could space my calendar out for required root canals and keep my sanity. Just an "atypical" nausea all day following such a huge amount of nitrous. Hate gas in such high doses, it seeps out of your pores for 24 hrs. Others can handle it better, but I need alternative anesthesia next time. I'd prefer twilight sleep narcotic/Valium mix like with molar extractions in the old days, but they don't have anesthetists present for this. So I'll see how they help me manage that next time. Fill your pain Rx for later in the day, you'll likely need it-- no matter what they say, it's 3-5x as traumatic to the tissues and that mouth region. The outcome on her work was great a day later, with no pain or swelling. I can tell Dr Allen is a fine dental surgeon !
Okay. Let's go. Spa - yes. Horseback riding - yes. Oldschool - oh yes. I feel like Rita Hayworth when I come here. I don't really know why. I just do. Perhaps a clandestine meeting with Orson? A bite at the pharmacy like grill? Is that me in that cowboy hat? Might just be. Truly am surprised to see negative reviews of this place. It's so utterly charming. From the lovely pinkness of it, to the tiled pools, to the excellent staff. I really love it. You can get several different kinds of massage at the spa. I'm a Swedish girl, all the way. And after an hour long massage they practically had to mop me up and wring me into bed. It was just that good. Walking around here can be a little iffy. I saw a rattler once. But it's still just so lovely. So don't be hating on the Biltmore. It's an original and there are very few places like it in this land of ours. That, and, feeling like Rita Hayworth is priceless.
My friend's wedding was held in the Aztec Room at the Arizona Biltmore and was incredible. Everything from the service, grounds, food and other amenities were out of this world. I'm not often impressed by resorts (many boast similar qualities). However, this one stood out (perhaps it being in Phoenix) and has some incredible history behind it as well. Also, if you don't want to stay there, you can also just visit for a day trip and get pampered and eat at some great restaurants like Frank and Alberts (among others)
Ordered food from my room for direct pick-up at Frank & Albert's in the hotel lobby and received excellent customer service. Very friendly staff and excellent food. Highly recommended.
This is a must see! We went just for the Frank Lloyd Wright architecture. It is gorgeous! And to think it was made back in in 1929! We also had lunch at frank and Alberts.
I wanted to do my own thing and only give this place four stars, but I realized I have no justification for doing so. I loved every bite of my meal, the service was fine, and the ambiance was killer. I'd describe the space as very open and very welcoming, but in a modern/mid-century modern wrapper. The pricing is fair, the beer selection good. Fresh herbs growing out front is a nice touch. I like it a lot, and expect to be back soon.
I love this restaurant! Just had dinner last night. The pizza was outstanding. You can pick your own ingredients and I picked Gorgonzola cheese, roasted chicken, spinach. It was outstanding. The staff was very efficient and had my meal in what seemed like minutes. Since I wanted dessert, I shared my pizza with my friend and will have the saved pieces for lunch. For dessert, I ordered the Tiramisu which was also outstanding. Will definitely visit this place again. The atmosphere is very nice, muted colors. Great for a date or after work.
I also love this place! My sister mentioned a "pizza place" she saw on yelp, this place is so much more than just a pizza place though ... very well-rounded ....great food, reasonable prices, nice ambience. We had the duck sandwich and spagetti bolognese....they nailed both dishes....we left very happy. Go here before it gets too busy (we went on a weekday at 12 and got seated right away..i can see this place becoming over-crowded soon).
Yes. You should eat here. Beet salad was excellent and I even accidentally the whole pizza Service was good. Interesting space, lot's of exposed pipes, valves, etc, side-by-side with very contemporary furniture give it a hip, post-modern feel. You won't be sorry.
Amazing...absolutely amazing. Just had a regular ol' pepperoni pizza, but sometimes restaurants can mess up the simplest of pizza's, and I wasn't feeling too adventurous since this was my first time at the Parlor, however, judging by how good that pizza was, I can only imagine the others are just as amazing. I even came back to my office and I think I told about 10 people about how amazing it was - I hope they take my advice and stop by soon!
Love this place! Culinary treat! This visit I tried the Mescolanza and Bruxelles. Both were so flavorful. Some thought was put in to this menu! I can't wait to try the pizza on my next visit. I also love garden out front.
Wow this place was awesome. We ordered three different pizzas and all were great. but the classic pepperoni beat out them all by just a hair. The salad was amazing. Will definitely go back!
Unbelievable. Fig pizza was off the charts. Our server, who had round glasses and was attentive without being intrusive, knew what citrus to offer me with my beer. A rare treat. The decor is on point, love the reclaimed wood, and the pizza? Completely perfect.
Oh, The Parlor, how I love you so... Hands down, this is the best pizza place in the valley. They are local, the food is backyard fresh, and the menu changes seasonally. Almost every time we have been here, they have a special of the day - a unique soup (always delicious), an exotic main course, or a specialty dessert (ordered every time). This is our go to place when we can't decide what to eat or if the In-Laws are in town. We eat here atleast once a week! The Parlor used to be an actual hair salon, thus the play on their name. When you walk up, you are greeted by fresh herbs growing along the walkway and a giant fireplace. Once inside, it's separated with the bar on the right and the dining area to the left. The ambiance inside is low-key, semi-dark, but enjoyable. You can sit in beauty chairs (the kind with the pump, where your hairdresser can maneuver you up or down) and see beautiful pizzas made right before your eyes. I swear they've fit 15+ pizzas in the oven and while the pizzas come out fast, they are continually feeding the oven. It's amazing to watch. You can also sit outside, which is fantastic during cool weather. The first time we came to The Parlor, it was my birthday. We ordered two pizzas, one being the Fungi (which we've ordered several more times), and a meat/cheese platter with roasted Queen Creek olives. Oh, the olives are delicious all warmed up with a hint of salt and garlic. At the end of the night, they brought me this dense chocolate cake with freshly made whipped cream and cherry sauce. This is one of their signature desserts, which is always on the menu. It was amazing and all the food was spectacular. Since then, they've changed from their fall menu, to their winter menu, to their spring menu and every season they have signature and seasonal items. During the fall season, they had this sweet potato cheesecake with a pistachio crust. I weep every day and can't wait until this fall, in hopes that they bring it back! We've also had their Parlor Burger, where you can choose different toppings, and it comes with some of the best french fries. They make all their pastas in house and you can tell. My favorite is the seafood pasta, which has shrimp, mussels, calamari and those tiny octopi (!!) all mixed in a spicy tomato sauce. We have tried almost all the pizzas and pastas on the menu, but love trying the specials, since they are always amazing! Finally, the wait staff is highly knowledgeable, energetic, and super quick. We had the same waiter several times (I wish I could remember his name!) and every time the service has been spectacular. Overall, I would highly recommend this place and if you're ever there, you'll probably see us!
This place gets packed and for good reason. Great crowd, great menu, and the food is outstanding. They're known for their pizzas, so we went ahead and ordered the first one on the menu - the roasted corn. A little birdie told us to order it special with bacon and blue cheese, and holy crap that isht was GOOD! Our bartender Tony was also really cool and, despite the place being crazy busy, he was great about letting us taste some of the wines before selecting which ones we wanted. I suspect it might've been because my friend is super hot and was feature dancing while we were in town, but hey, I'm not complaining! Seriously though, It's the kind of place I'd love to come back to and try the rest of the menu. If for some strange reason I ever end up back in Phoenix, I'll definitely be back at The Parlor.
We went here last night and this is our second time! Both times have been outstanding! We had a pitcher of the peaks seasonal beer and it was delicious! They were very accommodating about us wanting to watch a basketball game on the television. The pepperoni pizza is just divine along with the Caesar salad and cheese plate. The service was amazing and the atmosphere was laid back yet had a busy buzz with people after their long days of working. I always recommend this place to everyone I know! Will be back soon!
I don't know what can be said about this place that hasn't already been said. This is just great pizza in general. My favorite part is checking out their garden by the front door. Maybe one day my own garden will compare to theirs. OK now back to the food. I get the meat and cheese plate every time. Always good. I have only ran into one pizza I didn't like. It's called the Manzo. I wouldn't say it was bad, just a little too different for my tastes. I've had 7 other pizzas on the menu and I would order all of them again. Go check out the parlor, you wont be disappointed
Fabulous pizza, love the pepperoni and sausage. Great Caesar salad and the the best ingredients. ! The best I have ever had. Great service. Go early for dinner or there is a long wait. Easier to get in for lunch. If you go after 5:30 there will be an hour wait. Best time to go is between 2 and 5 pm
The Parlor is 100% awesome. It is a bit hidden away but completely beautiful - comfortable but modern and funky at the same time. The entry is surrounded by greenery and white lights which sets a lovely, romantic tone. When you enter, there is a cute bar area to the right and the dining room to the left. They have a bartop at the edge of the dining room and the "Barstools" are actually like beauty parlor chairs complete with footrests - very fun! I've come in just for dessert and drinks with a girlfriend and this is the perfect place to perch :) The pizzas are amazing - thin, bubbly crust with fresh, high quality ingredients. We usually get one or two to share alongside a few additional items from the menu. A couple favorites are the Pesto (which has pine nuts - yum!), Funghi (I'd prefer that the mushrooms were more finely chopped for texture purposes, but the flavors were super good), and the Pepperoni. Now, regarding the other stuff: DUCK CLUB. Ohmygoodness-sodelicious. Duck + bacon + red wine tomato jam = super amazing flavors. Definitely order this. We've also tried a few pastas, my favorite of which was the Parsnip Gnudi with brussels sprouts and other veggies - it was served as a small stew and my 1 year old son absolutely loved it. Desserts are often interesting and they seem to change pretty regularly. We had ordered the Corn Zeppole which comes with spicy chile mascarpone and those were interesting and pretty yummy. The turtle budino was tasty, but I wished for something crunchier with it for texture.I had also had the citrus cream crepes which I didn't love as the citrus cream was a bit overpowering. I had one of their cocktails last summer (which I can't remember the name of) and it was tasty, refreshing, and a generous size. Service has always been pretty on point and accommodating, even when we've stopped in later at night. The parking situation is annoying (I hate tiny parking lots that require you to valet) and I REALLY wish they'd take reservations as the wait on weekend evenings can get a bit ridiculous.
delicious I had the grilled octopus app served with a salad with watermelon canolope tomatoes and the the halibut crudo served with corn fritters these litte tastys come at a price though my buddy had the fungi pizza with a drizzle of truffle oil FANTABULOUS cool setting as well hard to find the building for the first time
I came here with a friend for dinner last night and it definitely lived up to expectations! We got two pizzas and the cauliflower appetizer off the happy hour menu and they were excellent. We tried the funghi pizza based on the recommendation of a friend and they were great! The cauliflower dish was excellent to share and was a good started before the pizza. 8 inch was perfect as a personal pizza. They have great outdoor or indoor seating and isn't too loud. Parking was a bit of a pain but the food was worth dealing with it. I would definitely come back again!
Everyone has their favorite pizza place, this is my very close runner up. Toppings so fresh some are grown on site; this beauty parlor turned pizza salon is the best "fancy pizza" encountered to date. Distinctive delicious specialty pizzas such as the Puttanesca along with formidable performances on classics like "just pepperoni and sausage". Their wine, beer and cocktail selection endorse the chic mood, then authenticate upon delivery to the palate; a mojito crisp enough for the aroma to reach us before it did our lips, an in-season draught, and a chardonnay buttery enough to slip past a rough day. Classy casual ambiance with "still able to have conversation" audio level, well worth 20% tip service make the Parlor good for a date with someone special, happy hour, and/or visiting with out-of-towners. Venturing away from pizza will have auspicious results; so it's also promising for local regulars and high quality take-out. The 8" or 12" pies will leave some wanting more, while allowing others to indulge and still watch their figure. Parking can also get lean, so have some cash ready to take advantage of the valet that's available during busier times. Very cosmopolitan, we can still see their pizza parlor roots offering the regular menu combination of a 12" pizza and pitcher of beer for $25.
I'm stupid when it comes cupid. I love this place. I bought some candles, soaps and a cool magnet for my refrigerator. Excellent Service! I'LL BE BACK!
This place is so great! They are always so friendly and get you in as quickly as they can if you don't have an appointment. They always do an amazing job that lasts a long time. I have taken numerous friends here and everyone I have taken has loved it. It is very inexpensive for the quality of service you get!
I have been coming here for years! Owners Jimmy and Demi are amazing!! Top notch products and services. Leah gives best pedicure! Would never waste my money anywhere else!
This is the kind of business I love to patronize. I am just in town for the week and won a gift certificate at a friend's charity event last Sunday. I made an appt for 11 and they took me @ 11:20. Mani/pedi very good and fast. Then the owner gave me back the certificate because I had to wait... He knows how to run a business and from now on this will be my go to nail place whenever I visit.
the vacuums suck, that's for sure snagged a twenty, inside door pocket, swept it, straight away cest le vie, most would say but I asked, "could it be found?" "sure, we'll shut, the vacuums down" owners, no less, had to go to a place, only, Mike Rowe of Dirty Jobs, would lurk around the filth, from every car in town collecting, in some giant vat while they looked, there I sat admiring, this great idea and how, ideas, are crystal clear to some, but not to others build a better mouse trap, brother which they have, at Clean Freak get your car washed, on the cheap pseudo self-serve, shoot the tube felt, just like, some surfer dude in a blue wave, closing out soap and suds, sloshed about spot free rinse, turtle wax spit out, spotless, front to back ya, I bought, the monthly pass before, my car, it looked liked ass filthy, crusty, dusty, dirty ah shucks, now, she sure looks purdy 'course Clean Freak's got, karma's attraction found, returned, my andrew jackson
This is a great business. I've always had good service and its really affordable. Three tiers: $5 - Basic wash $8 - A little bit better $10 - Full clean with tires, spotless, and wax Plus, unlimited vacuum usage. Sweet.
5 Dollar Coolness to the MAX!! Great stay in car role-thru wash....not much spotting, Perfect solution for a regular wash that will not hurt the wallet!!
I have been to this car wash about 10 times now. Great every time. They have several different prices to choose from. However, i always choose the $5.00 wash. It is by far the best deal in town. you pull in and pay your $$ cash or credit. They give you a blue cloth that you throw away when through to wipe out all the inside of your car while you drive through the car wash. I don't know what is on it but,it cleans wonderfully......then you go through the car wash . It is nice and cool in there. They do a fantastic job!! Plus free vacuum if you have time to stop and do that. For a quick wash that is excellent this place is my favorite by far.
Have been a subscriber for a year. Terrific car wash. I get the $7 wash, which comes with some kind of wax. Cool thing is after a year of going every week, my black car has a deep, amazing glossy shine - looks fantastic!
Probably some of the best Mexican food I've ever had! Extremely fresh & it has so much flavor! Definitely a lunch spot though, as the seating is somewhat limited and the portions aren't extremely large.
Being a Mexican native I was impressed by the food at this joint. This place has no gimmicks, it does not want to impress you with pictures of beaches or palm trees or coronas to make you think you're in a beach in Mexico, it's bottom-line no bull great Mexican food. I've been to this place about five times, by myself, work colleagues, and even clients and everyone always leaves happy from this place... My recommendation: the steak tacos are out of this world and a "raspado" for dessert is heaven. Summary: Fast, good service, and food is amazing!
I brought my mom here for lunch and she LOVED it! I ordered tortilla soup and a fish taco and she ordered a barbacoa burrito with beans and rice on the side. My mom is a fantastic cook and was really impressed with the food here. I let her sample my soup and she said it was the best tortilla soup she's ever tasted. I sampled her barbacoa burrito and my eyes rolled in the back of my head! Way better than Chipotle! I am going to second Georgeann G this restaurant is always empty when I go in and I don't know why because the food is amazing. I might actually cry if this restaurant ever closes. So if you love good Mexican food try Sonora sometime you won't regret it!
After trying the chain pets stores and a local groomer to get my chiuaua's nails clipped, I decided to try out Shampooch and Kitty Too. I called ahead of time to ensure availability and they said to come right in. There were four employees working with two other dogs there. Everyone was very friendly and they clipped his nails super quick. With other places I've been I get scared when they clip his dew-claw since in curls inward but here they were so professional and had no difficulty. I'm so excited to have found this place and will definitely be going back. Btw, the charge for the nail clip was $10.
I have had horrible experiences with groomers and for a long time would only groom my girls at home. But I have been very happy with Shampooch. They are always great about squeezing in a nail/face trim, and they do a great job on all of our dogs from a 4lb Yorkie to a 70lb Golden. I used to use Stonecrest just down the street about a block, and while they also did a great job, it was far more expensive and the results were quite similar, so I'll be a Shampooch customer from now on.
What I love most about the Phoenix center is the great atmosphere of creativity and community, a great mix of people learning a new art form and experienced artists who have been going there 20 years or more. Friendly instructors and classmates willing to help you take your skills to the next level. Definitely the kind of place to check out if you are interested in exploring new media as there are quite a few people crossing over to take classes in two or more disciplines at the same time. A great place to connect with people who share the urge to create, with lots of linkages into the downtown Phoenix arts community and beyond. There is also an interesting little theater onsite which is how I got here in the first place, looking for info on the Charles Phoenix performance that will be there the first Friday and sat of november 2009. Guess you will have to go to www.Charlesphoenix.com for that info as it looks like it ain't here... Lively and campy fun reliving the best and the worst of 1950s and 60s Phoenix fashion, places, decor and family traditions as recorded by kodachrome family photo snapshots and present day colorful humor/social commentary by Charles Phoenix, a southern California legend!
Closing Gala Dinner at the museum! Amazing! Thank you TriNet!
We were just in Phx and the barista still remembered us! Great customer service! I am really hopeful that they do start expanding in the Seattle metro area so we can start supporting them again.
I'm already a Lux devotee (as you can tell if you read my review) and I don't even like coffee that much, truth be told, but in my profession it's so necessary that it seems I need to have two favorite places for it. Dutch Brothers is my go to for my early morning coffee on painful Mondays. I've recently started going there and not only are they super fast (crucial for me) but they are so friendly that I might actually look forward to the smiling and helpful staff even more than the actual drink...
I really like how friendly they are and helpful when it comes to help you choose a coffee! Great ice coffee!
This place is how you want to start your mornings! I love Dutch Bros. Great coffee and extremely fast service. But the best thing about Dutch Bros has got to be the customer service. The employees are so friendly and happy. They will literally turn your day around with their genuinely friendly manors. Pros: - awesome customer service! - good coffee with great selections - very good price - fast service Cons - small outside seating area
Went to the grand opening this morning. It was a great experience. Love to see the healthy items on the menu and their website offers Nutrition Facts for all items so if you are going to splurge you know what's involved. The person who helped us, Joshua, was very friendly and he had been there since 3am this morning. Clean, upbeat vibe, great for Ahwatukee!
AMAZING! WONDERFUL! TALENTED! DELIGHTFUL! I ordered a custom cake for my Granddaughters 2nd Birthday! I called and spoke with Diana, our party theme was Under the Sea! We chose the quarter sheet 3 layer vanilla butter cake with lemon curd and raspberry filling topped with italian buttercream frosting! I asked Diana if she needed a napkin sample or decoration to work from, she said no and told me she had a great design in mind! WOW what a cake!! It turned out beautiful, the detail was amazing, fish, starfish, a sand dune with a giant crab and many other creative touches....not only on the top but all around the sides of the cake too! The cake was moist, the icing was perfect not too sweet so smooth and creamy! All of the fish and detailing was edible and again not over sweet!! You can taste the difference of fresh ingredients! No more store bought cakes for this family!! Great customer service too!! Patti M.
My friend and fellow yelper John M., who waxes poetic when talking about Lady Diana's regular creations, brought me some of this bakery's gluten-free cupcakes to try. They were incredibly rich and decadent -- nothing like what you would expect of gluten-free baked goods. I have since gone to the bakery myself to get more of these scrumptious, so-good-they-should-be-banned treats. So, do what the wraps on the light rail cars proclaim: even while light rail construction is in progress, go and patronize the businesses on 19th Avenue, especially this gem of a bakery.
They were terrific to work with and even made one gluten free cup cake for a friend for my son's birthday party. The banana flavor is amazing! They are now my go to place for cakes!!!!
On short notice once moved into a new house, I called Bryan and he was able to come over and install a few ceiling fans and some new switches to control them and the lights. Even though some modification had to be done to the wall for the bigger switch he didn't leave a mess. Laid down some drop cloths and cleaned up before he left... My rooms are cooler now and I'm happy about that... nice guy too!
Brian is such a nice, honest, fast working guy with good pricing! Highly recommend calling him! He did indoor and outdoor lighting at my house and put timers on lights I wanted.
Fantastic! Same great food service as Tempe. This location is only a few miles from my house.
Best protein pancakes! i ALWAYS get the half and half (chicken, bacon, avocado skillet) with protein pancakes! AMAZING every time!!!
As far as pizza goes, Cici's is fair. The 5 stars is for the treatment my 4th grade students received when we went there on a field trip. You may be asking yourself..."A field trip? To Cici's Pizza?" Why yes! It's all about FRACTIONS! This is our yearly field trip to close out our unit on fractions. The kids pay $3.00 and they get a fairly good sized pizza (I think it's their medium) and a drink. They also get a tour of the kitchen. When they finish their tour, they are allowed to build their own pizza. They can put pepperoni's on their pizza however they would like. They were kind enough to accommodate my student who is a vegetarian and gave her a few veggie options to choose from. I also asked them to cut each pizza into different fractional parts...some were cut into 6, 8, or 10 pieces. Each kiddo had to then calculate how much pizza they had eaten and other fun stuff! Now for the 5 stars...the staff! They were SOOOOOOOOO friendly and were eager to share their jobs with my kids. They encouraged them to ask questions and were just plain awesome! My kids and I (and our parent chaperones) had an amazing time. The pizza was delicious, as the teacher, I got to make my own...looked horrible, but tasted delicious! Thank you to the staff at Cici's for making our field trip so much fun! We had an educational experience but also really had a blast! Thanks!
This location's staff demonstrates exceptional customer service. The hostess was friendly and apologized she did not have a booth available for our request. We assured her a table would be fine and was greeted by another friendly and very helpful waitress explaining their VIP all-day breakfast Special. The manager put the icing on the service when he personally wrote a $5 value for us on his business card when he was out of the original $5 gift card when a $25 gift card is purchased. We will return again and again to enjoy good food with great service .
The BEST donuts I've ever had! The apple fritter and buttermilk bar are heavenly.
My mom used to work at a Bosa donuts back in the day so I ventured out to this location hoping that it could love up toy childhood memories. Bosa donuts certainly did not disappoint! The apple crumb donuts and hot fresh old fashioned buttermilks were the best I have had. But what truly brings me back... All the way from Tucson ate the ham and cheese croissants. I hope they still have them when I make it back.
I'm so totally down for recycling - and when you can make money doing it, all the better! The wife regularly takes clothing here and trades it for store credit, essentially you can buy anything in the store and no money transfers - how cool is that? So, I was bored one day and the wife says, I'm going, why don't you tag along? I thought it was all clothing and said NO WAY!. But then she told me they have other stuff - kinda like a Goodwill, but nicer. Well, I'm down for that, so we hop in the car with her bag of clothes and head over. We arrive and sure enough, funky furniture on the sidewalk. And lots of clothes. I did a Peewee Herman beeline around the clothing and into the door of the shop to find all sorts of crazy knick-knacks. A freaking pewter coffee-table coffin! I thought that was really cool, but too creepy for me. Lots of fancy furniture and dishes and kids toys and tons of clothing. I looked in the door to the clothing half of the store and shuddered - I hate shopping for clothing. You can tell by the way I'm dressed. Anyway, I'm wandering around aimlessly and what do I stumble on but a big rack with all sorts of luggage-type bags. I've been looking for something like a day bag for packing camp gear for a day trip and so I start poking around. Hey - here's something blue! I tug on it and a pile of bags falls off and reveals a North Face Soft Frame Backpack in super condition! $25!!! Now, I'm all giddy with excitement, as I pull this bag close and glare at the guy on the other side of the rack - don't even think it, buddy - this pack is MINE! Best part is I go to pay for it and the wife has amassed such a bankroll of store credit, there was no charge. Smarty-Pants ROCKS!
$25 for a 50 minute massage- what more do you want? Sure the massage is from a student, but they aren't allowed to accept tips. I've been several times and I've definitely received quality massages. There are also times when the school offers 2 for 1 weekends- so it's only $12.50 for 50 minutes. The therapists are good about asking if you'd like more or less pressure so in many ways the quality of the massage is somewhat in your hands. I will definitely be going back!
Susan (and Laura) are fantastic at what they do. Susan did a fantastic job with our two Border Collies and Mini Doxie (who normally will pose until the cows come home). If you are looking for the best in Photography, don't look any further. I recommend A Dog's LIfe to everyone I talk to wanting photos of their kids done. But don't think A Dog's Life is all about the mighty dollar either, they've done a tremendous amount of work with rescue groups too. Their hearts are in the right spot with talent to spare.
These folks are tops! I've been debating for six years whether or not to get my house professionally cleaned. I finally bit the bullet and ... oh, the stress it has taken out of my life!! They work quickly and efficiently and, if you have special instructions, are happy to follow them. I know, because there are a couple of things I am very specific on how they are done. Their response is "Absolutely no problem. We can do it that way!" I have three dogs and a young child and have always found it nearly impossible to keep up with all the housework around here. Now that I have Angel Eye Cleaning Services coming by every other week, it has become a breeze to keep up the house. Even my daughter is doing a better job at keeping her room picked up!! What a relief!! Thanks Lana and company!!!! You are the BEST!!
I found their website and submitted on online appointment/quote request. I received a call back a few hours later. They were able to come to my house 2 days later. The appointment I made was for a Sunday- 7 am. The tech showed up right on time, was professional and did a fantastic job! We had an incident with my sick dog a couple weeks earlier in the backseat and needed the seats shampooed and interior detailed. They left it looking brand new! Cost was $104 (including the $15 trip fee) for a compact car--
Several weeks ago I took my dog Congee to a different vet. He's a 5 year old dog that acts like he's 15. The new vet prescribed the same medication he's always been on, but recommended a generic brand and told me about a pharmacy that would call me to fulfill the prescription. Compared to what I'd paid at 1-800-PET MEDS - $65 for a 1 month supply, I now pay $37 for a 2 month supply. It was all pretty low effort for me, but I think it probably helped that the vet office works with Road Runner pharmacy as I didn't have to go through the regular hassle of getting Pet Meds the prescription from the vet. RoadRunner called me up (fast, efficient and very professional) ... took all my credit card info over the phone and 2 days later I got the package in the mail (Free shipping!). I'd say I'm pretty satisfied with the service and would definitely recommend them to any other pet owners who need to get regular medication for their pets.
Roadrunner is a great company that provides a wonderful service. They are very professional and will work with you to help your animal out. I like how they send everything in the cool cartoon UPS boxes too! I will continue to use Roadrunner due to their great service and reliability. Thanks!
Okay you get 5 stars for just being too much fun. I found the potential for so many things , a pirate party kit for my crazy boss, big candy sticks for decoration , little tiny candies that would look cute in a bowl, cupcake papers, Hello Kitty Lunch pails the list goes on .. Settled on the candy sticks and a great candy cigarette pack gotta be good for a gag gift sometime. If you are looking for the old styles of candy , unique fun gifts , gag gifts, party favors this could be your place. But bring loads of money cuz it isn't cheap. Love the aqua blue / bright red color scheme it reminds of a cross between a circus and an overly decorated pediatricians office. Can't wait to take friend back it's a keeper.
Love Love LOVE this shop! I've been meaning to go here for a while and I finally went taking my mom with me. What a fun place to visit! We had fun reminiscing at all of the fun candy and toys. I thought everything was very reasonably priced and it's the perfect place to go if you're looking for something unique and special. The lady who worked here was super nice and helpful and she told me that they do birthday parties here, which I was thrilled about. I will definitely be back!
Novelty candy is great but the toys are even better!
The prices may be high; but Smeeks is the best candy shop in the valley. It is absolutely adorable inside. They have an awesome, albeit small selection of sodas right next to the door, from orange to grape to a mid-west, childhood staple - Green River. They have all kinds of candy - retro stuff, vegan treats, taffy, bubblegum, 10 and 25 cent treats, as well as their own bagged gummy and chocolate candies. They also have some of my favorite novelty items, always good for gifts - like World Wide Fred kitchen supplies, extra large moustaches, and magnets and key-toppers galore. There is always something you can find at Smeeks. One of my favorite parts is their photobooth. It IS digital, but the photos don't come out pixelated - in fact, they look pretty similar to film photobooths. Smeeks even has a basket full of hats, glasses, and other props to truly enhance your photobooth-ing experience! The price is $5 for two sets (and two copies per set)! It's a really, really good deal on photobooth pictures - at the state fair, one copy of one set was $5! My question to others who've said they found a better candy shop is - where?! I haven't seen a cuter, more unique candy shop in Arizona - ever!
I pass by here about every day on the way home and I was thinking before it opened that is was going to be just another plain jane place to get some food. Was I wrong. I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! The first thing you notice is the warm and genuine greeting you get when you walk in. And then to discover that it's Filipino/Mexican food. Oh my goodess! I would purposely go to Tucson on Mondays just to get chicken adobo at a Filipino place. Not any longer. Karey's Chicken Adobo rocks!! Just the right amount of spice and everything nice. The Menudo is fantastic too...(not to be confused with Mexican menudo made with tripe) This is Filipino style!! WOW!! The Beef Mechado is spicy, hearty and thick and their garlic rice is just that...garlic rice. I've had other garlic rice dishes before and the first thing that pops in your head at first taste is...where's the garlic?? It's not lacking any garlic when Karey cooks it. And then I am told that they are doing Lechon that coming Friday. Yes indeed folks...whole roasted baby pig. I venture in that Friday and there it is...quite a bit gone but the front half still there. I picked up a half pound with Spanish rice and a few touches of crispy skin and let me tell you that meat was so juicy, so tender, so delicious... I can't wait for the next one. It's been a while since I have had excellent Lechon and this was just that, excellent. And the prices here are so reasonable you're going to come back again and again. So many more things to try on the menu and I know I will not be disappointed. You're gonna love their portions too! The only thing that makes this place dangerous to me...I can get to it in less than 2 minutes when I drive. :)
my daughter is 2 1/2 and absolutely loves my gym, i cant even drive by the facility or she freaks out and wants to go in. the teachers are nice and very helpful with the kids. its a great learning environment. and they change things around weekly so its always a new adventure
Drove from Ahwatukee all the way to Bell Rd. to buy a used Mazda CX-5 from another dealer. The other dealer told me the car was there at lunch time, but said it was sold after I made the 45 minute drive. Out of curiosity, if not frustration, I stopped in Chapman Mazda to see if they had any used CX-5s. No luck with the used car, but one of the managers, Kim, suggested I might be surprised at what they could do on a new one. Honestly figured the price would be more than I'd be willing to pay for new, but after putting numbers together we were closer than I'd imagined. Eventually I paid just a little more than the used car I was originally going to buy! This is our second new Mazda from Chapman and both times felt like I was dealing with friendly professionals and not the typical high pressure smoke and mirrors types employed at some other dealers. I'd certainly recommend Chapman Mazda. The whole experience was about as pleasant as car buying can get.
Very awesome service. Needed a new lock for my mailbox and Mr. Lockout was able to open and install a new lock in no time. Cannot ask for more. Very reliable.
I went to Dr Kendra with a stiff neck and lower back pain. I was totally surprised when I left after the first visit and could look "over my shoulder" to back out of my parking spot! I haven't been able to do this in months! She is a very caring doctor who called me after the visit to check on how I felt. I can't wait to get back and continue treatment.
I have a new love, and it's name is channa bahtura. After many visits to this place I decided to try something other than the famous combo plate. I went with the channa bahtura $5.99 . At 5.99 this dish is a steal. It includes two large channa fry breads. Which are ironically allot like the other Indian fry bread, and a generous portion of bahtura which is a garbanzo bean based dish in a flavorful sauce topped with some diced red onion. The channa is golden, puffy crsp and extremely hot when it arrives. The flavor of it is wonder as with anything fried. The bahtura is also quite good with its bright flavors and the texture variation from the garbanzo beans. I am still not completely sure on how one eats this but I go with some dipping pinch and even eating separately. There is a new expanded menu to check out too, it even has Indian pizzas , wraps and more. They are closed Monday's and if you tab is under $10 it will cost you .60 extra to use a credit card.
If it's Good TASTING Indian food you want for GREAT PRICES FOR PORTIONS then stop here! It may feel like your eating in grocery store but again once the food comes it doens't matter where you are. I've tryed over 8 different places accross the valley--this has very good mutter paneer for $5.99 w/rice and naan. They don't charge you for someone to clean up the table up since you throw out your own plate. Finally good Indian food that is affordable! Check it out. Samosa's are large---2 for $1.99!
I'm a bit of a snob, I admit it. I generally prefer the full-service pamper me kind of salons that charge an arm and a leg. But times are tight - and I want my nails and my money. Enter Biagio. When you first walk into Biagio you would think you had walked into a fancy day spa. But when you read the prices, you wonder how they can stay in business. A "spa" pedicure, one of the most expensive treatments, is a whopping $49 (I say whopping with a sense of sarcasm). Not only do you get a great pedicure (best I've EVER received), but you get a leg and neck massage (yes the chairs are massage chairs, but real hands give you a real massage). A "spa" manicure, which also comes with a neck massage, is $25. The technicians are very nice, the store is immaculate, the tools are all sterilized, and the treatments are very high quality (even for a snob like me). Plus the atmosphere makes you feel like you are at a spa, not a strip-mall dive nail salon. I highly recommend Biagio. I have been there several times, and plan to go back often.
I have been going to Jocelyn at Biagio for quite a while. I can be a bit particular about my nails. Before I found Jocelyn, I would go home after a mani and reshape my nails. Don't have to anymore! Jocelyn is AMAZING! I was used to cookie cutter nail salons with tacky decor and nail techs that barely speak to clients. Biagio is not the norm. The salon is beautiful. It has a spa like atmosphere and it is spotless. And Jocelyn, well I don't even know where to begin. She is a doll! We have great chats and she is a master of her craft. So if you're looking for a fabulous place to take care of your hands and toes, go see Jocelyn at Biagio. Word of advise.... Make an appointment with her in advance. She's a busy bee.
These guys got me in with little advance notice, late in the evening, were really friendly, and made my hair look great! Next time I'm in Phoenix for work, I'll definitely look them up again.
First time customer. R Salon is located a block from where I live. I am very cautious about who cuts my hair and have been contemplating about coming here for years since it was so close. My friends Rachel and Rachel both have gotten their haircuts here and recommend the owner, Rick. I have delayed going until I saw a Groupon deal for R Salon: $29 for haircut, deep conditioning treatment, and style. I bought the coupon and called the same day to get an appointment for that evening, which surprised me because there were at least 500 Groupons sold. Well, I came in for my appointment 10 minutes prior and Rick was doing highlights on a women. At first I was skeptical wondering if I'll have to wait 30 minutes to get a haircut. However, at precisely 4:30, Rick's assistant took me back to get me shampooed and ready. She was extremely nice and gave me a neck and scalp massage along with the deep conditioning treatment (Rick looked at my hair and told her what treatment was right for me). After I was done, and was back on the salon chair, Rick took over. Rick listened to what I wanted and cut my hair the way I wanted it to. He was extremely nice and precise. After he was done cutting my hair, his assistant came back and gave me a blow out. My hair was amazing - I was extremely happy with my haircut and style and will be coming back. Rick also gave me a 50% off coupon for my next visit!
This place is a true gem. You know how you walk in a hair salon and everyone is too cool to say hi to you and everyone looks so busy and the receptionist is chewing her gum while texting? THIS IS SOOOOO NOT R SALON! Right when I walked in, the greeting was awesome. A woman immediately said hello to me, asked for my name, handed a glass of Iced Tea and helped myself to a few Red Vines. YES, they have FREE Red Vines for their clients. Michelle cut and colored my hair and I love it. I will be back to this salon! Check it out!
Roger is so amazing! I have been having him do my hair for yeeeaarrss! I'm getting married in 2 weeks and now I get to have him do my hair for wedding ! I receive nothing but compliments every time I see him ! He is a MUST ! You will not regret it and I Can promise you , you will never go to anyone else again !!!
I came to the salon on a friend's recommendation and I'm so happy I did. I had at least ten inches cut from my hair and love the new style Antonette created for me. She truly took the time to listen to what would work for me and incorporate that into a style that looked and felt great.
When you think of Phoenix, AZ, you don't necessarily think "gay mecca" but there are some really cool gems to discover. Rainbow Cactus, up near Greenway on Cave Creek Rd., is one of those gems. It's not pretentious or snooty. It's a timeless bar that happens to be gay. No disco balls. No go-go platforms. No naked pixies running around to glamour you with Madonna renditions. Just come on in, grab a seat and a drink and chill the hell out. You're safe. Breathe easy, pal. Take a load off and talk to some really interesting characters. They have drag shows all the time. Find the schedule and plan to be there. Some performances are off the charts brilliant and others are less than spectacular. There's also karaoke, which is fun, even for me and I can't sing (voice damage). It's laid back and there's a lot of talented clientele who come in. Bring your girlfriends, your boyfriends, your parents too. Everybody is as welcome as they make themselves. That's why Rainbow Cactus has been named the "gay Cheers of Phoenix". That's why they'll be around long after the trendy bars of the moment have fallen away.
Julie has done two pieces for me. I live all the way in Tempe and fully intend to drive all the way back to see her. I get compliments all the time about my beloved pug tattoo and I could not love it as much as I do without Julie's help. She was able to finish it up in practically no time. Love, Love, Love Julie! Thanks again!!!!
Great Tortas for the price and flavor, very clean. I live right around the corner from them so I'm a very repetitive customer. First time I went I fell in love with their bread, not to mention the freshness of their products something fast food chains lack. I grew up in central Mexico, tortas in Mexico are like burgers in America, every restaurant has them each with it's own unique style and flavor finding them here and portraying the meaning of authentic Mexican food can sometimes be hard to find. But Tortas Paquime has it and it's fabulous!!! ...No complains yet*
Tortas Paquime is absolutely, irrefutably delicious, plain and simple. I seem to always end up getting the Cubano (ham, pork, beans, swiss, avacado, mustard, plus tons of other good stuff) but all their tortas are fantastic. Great horchata and mango juice too! And their ice cream is outstanding, not to mention all the mexican sweetbreads available from the bakery section. This place leaves me full and happy every single time.
My reviews are few and far between. So when I review, you know its good! First off, this place is clean, Gold Star #1. It is a family owned business and they are super friendly Gold Star #2 The prices! Holy Smurfs! Dirt cheap! Gold Star #3 The location is excellent, midtown, and right next to Da Vangs. Same family, most excellent Pho. Gold Star #4 The quality, I was impressed, I ordered a Papaya banana boba and I waited unusually longer than I expected to. Why? Because the sweet lady behind the counter was carefully slicing FRESH papaya and bananas into the blender! Thats right. Like a precise surgery, these fruits were handled with such care and love. It is amazing! This earns the final Gold Star. I realize Yelp uses red stars, but in kindergarten it was TOTALLY awesome when you would get a gold star at the end of the week. Thus, I deem this place totally awesome.
I like Danny's! I used to go here a lot when I lived in Phoenix years ago and stopped back in last week for my first time after moving back a month ago. Still great customer service and easy. You can get gas, food, snacks, your windows tinted, oil changes and car washes. Their car washes are great. For about $15 you can get it sprayed, ran through the wash, and detailed almost to perfection. It's a smooth process and my Jeep looked like it was brand new. This is definitely a must-stop if you need a car wash. I did have my windows tinted a few years ago at the Happy Valley location and they did an excellent job.
Pho-king phenomenal! I have to say it... This place hosts the best pho I've ever eaten. I got the Pho Dac Biet and tasted the Pho Ga. Both were amazing (my favorite being the Dac Biet). The chef was not shy about how much of "the fixins" to add! The broth was stewed to near perfection and every bite spread happiness throughout my tum tum. I also got to try the spring rolls. They were spot on and were super fresh! I could not have asked for a better Saturday lunch that day, and all for about $15 including the other soup that I paid for. I highly, HIGHLY recommend eating here if you're a pho enthusiast! It is absolutely my favorite pho spot in Phoenix now and I plan on being a regular.
Don't let the ghetto shopping center steer you away...it's a great place. Definitely a no frills type place...this is the real deal. It was very evident by most of the patrons actually being Vietnamese, you know it must be good. You just walk in and sit anywhere that's open and someone will bring you their menu which is quite extensive. I had my favorite, which is Pho Tai. The broth was perfect, and had a pretty complex flavor profile. Hard to explain, but some pho broth's are very 1-dimensional...this one was exceptionally flavorful. They don't skimp on the meat either, which some places tend to do. I've been to Vietnamese restaurants all over the valley, and although I have still never been to Da Vang...I'd venture to say this might be the best pho in Phoenix. Tastes darn close to the stuff you get in CA, in Garden Grove/Westminster/Little Saigon. Also, it is dirt cheap! $4.50 for a big delicious bowl of pho tai....yum. I'll be back soon for sure.
Love this place!
We went out of our way to eat here on the way the phx airport. Delicious! The crepe appetizer was fresh and not greasy. The eggrolls were crispy and the pho was huge. Definitely satisfies any craving. Service is slow but prices are cheap and the food is good so I can't complain much.
I went to this place on my lunch at about 11:00. I sat down and ordered had my food in less than 5 minutes. The the pho was delicious and super cheap! I got a bowl of beef pho for 4.50! I could not have been happier with the quality of food and service.
Don't be intimidated, as the exterior and location screams GHETTO. Like, as in seeing the same crackheads chilling outside the door every time you come type of ghetto. Back in our clubbing/blacking out in bathrooms/barfing out our nasal cavity days, this was the spot the next Sunday morning for a bowl of hangover soup. I'd like to think those days are far gone but do still occur from time to time, but I digress..... The fact that my peeps and I still frequent this place just to enjoy the food as non intoxicated human beings, is a good sign. + Pre apology to Pho Thanh and all other pho places and all the vietnamese moms, but my mama's pho is the best. With that being said, this place has pretty decent pho. I tend to like my broth with a liiiiiitle more fat, as I feel Pho Thanh's broth is more "lean", if you will. But it's still full of the right flavors, none of which over powers the other. It's pretty consistent and that's KEY. + Hu Tieu Bo Kho ( Beef Stew with Rice Noodle) - recently, I've taken a liking to this particular dish. I have been getting it every time I come here, which is every other week. It's nothing like american beef stew, which can be thick and heavy in texture. Bo Kho is more soupy/watery, but its flavor is super rich without being too much, and has a slight sweetness that blends extremely well with all the spices and herbs. I love to dress my Bo Kho with the sate paste, extra cilantro and bean sprouts, and I request the wide rice noodle instead of the regular ones. +Com Tam (Broken Rice) - Their rice dishes have a good selection/variety of toppings. I usually just get the broken rice with pork chop, and also request an egg over easy on top. Soooo simple but delish. +Eggrolls - Not out of this world, but probably the best I've had in a vietnamese restaurant. +Chao Ga (Chicken Rice Porridge ) - Ever heard of the saying... show me your friends, and i'll tell you who you are? Well, show me your rice porridge, and i'll tell you if suck. And Pho Thanh doesn't. It's comparable to home made rice porridge, with the perfect amount of chicken broth flavor, consistency is not too thick or thin, and its actually RICE porridge, not a bland bowl of water with a few grains of rice floating around. I've yet to try and explore other menu items but these are the ones that really stand out in my mind right now and just remember that my 5 star review is based off of these alone. I didn't factor in service and ambiance, because there isn't any. Don't expect anyone to come by to ask how your food is. I think they know their food is good. Don't expect anyone to refill your water unless they aren't busy, and they usually are.
This hole In the wall will not leave you with a hole in your wall-et & it's super filling! My fave is 122. I crave it all the time! It's clean & the people are genuinely nice it is a bit packed but never a problem, I always get seated with great service!
The soft pretzel app is the bomb! I get it everytime I go. Service is always awesome and they have great drink specials. This is a great place to go for great food in a bar atmosphere
i stopped by here on a lunch break because the sign said appraisals by appointment. the owner (?) indra was there and willing to do the appraisal on my engagement ring while i waited (without an appointment ... yay!). he cleaned my ring at no charge, inspected it and provided the retail value at no charge. indra told me a written appraisal for insurance purposes is only $45 ... a bargain compared to what others in the valley are charging. the stock of jewelry was lovely ... a nice mix of new and used pieces. some very unique, one of a kind finds as well. i found a few things i would prefer not to live without! they do all their own importing, and buy, sell and trade jewelry. i felt he was very honest about my ring, the cash value he stated was in line with numbers i heard from other jewelers and he was charming and helpful, answering questions and educating me while i ogled over diamonds and pearls. i will return to have my watch batteries replaced, a pair of earrings changed from yellow to white gold, and pretty much anything else i can think of. i trusted him immediately, which, when dealing with diamonds, is of paramount importance to me.
This Jewelry store is Great! They are always so helpful, and take time to find out exactly what you want, great place to have something different designed! Will clean jewelry, and also buy Gold, and diamonds !
This family business was very nice when we came in without an appointment for an appraisal. They cleaned my ring and did an appraisal while I watched. It took about 40 minutes and the owner even told me to come back and he would clean it at no cost even though I didn't buy it there. I would highly recommend this place for great customer service and friendly staff!
I love this place! It is perfectly located for my needs, the staff is always friendly and the food is fantastic. It is super easy to order anything vegan or gluten-free and where I have had trouble communicating the level of spice I want at other Thai places, that is never an issue for me here. Their Coconut Soup with Tofu and the Mas-Sa-Mun Curry with Tofu are my favorite.
Great customer service and delicious food. Pui was very thorough and helpful when I ordered a large amount of food for our company meeting. I think I found my new Thai restaurant. Thank you and keep up the wonderful customer service.
= = = = = = WEEKEND LUNCH BUFFET! = = = = = = Liz S. brought 14 of us Yelpies together for a great UYE here today. This Buffet featured 19 items including two soups, salad, lots of different unlabeled but DELICIOUS hot dishes (spiced mild to medium), & little donut hole things for dessert. Dining room comfort and table service were excellent & we all had a great time, so it's 5 Stars for this newest Thai Buffet in the Valley! :-)) Weekend Lunch Buffet: $9.50
Small little snook but very clean, food is delicous with great service, think I just became a regular !
We recently bought a bedroom set from Maddies. The price was excellent, the quality was excellent, the delivery and set up was excellent. This store had since gone out of business. Sorry to see them go.
I think this place is amazing. The Owner's Jill and John are awesome. Every therapist and front desk has been very nice, educated, professional and dedicated to giving me the best experience. I get 80 min massages every time that seem like 5 minutes. This upscale facility is in the middle of Cactus and Tatum, their prices are as good as that other "massage chain" but the lobby, it's therapists and management makes you think you are at the Phoenician- Minus the hotel, pool and room. HA! I love it and am so glad I found it so close to PV mall. I saw the review before this and I would love to talk to this customers ex-coworkers and see if they were OK with the sub standard tip of less then 20%. Anybody who is in the service industry welcomes and is grateful for as much of a tip as you can give and it's common knowledge that if you were given a discount you tip at the full amount. It's just common courtesy. Sometimes when the actions of others are so distasteful it's hard to hold the tongue. I've been treated with nothing but courtesy and respect and I know the rest of you will be too rather then going to the massage mill. Peace
I've only been here 3 times and seen the same girl all those time. I was referred to Angelica by a friend and so glad I was! She's amazing, the best massage I've had! I have scoliosis and have a lot of back pain, I go see her when it gets really bad and she works on ALL my knots and get them all out. Although it obviously doesn't take away all my pain, it definitely relieves it. She's such a sweetheart and is very personable. I wish I could go see her all the time, but with $90 a pop, it's kind of hard. But I know massages usually run around that and if it brings any relief its worth it :0)
After almost three years at this location, I am still very pleased with each experience. Today was no exception. Nydia has been my go to Massage Therapist and she is right on point every time. She is welcoming, friendly, listens to and executes every request and is always attentive. Aside from Nydia, I have had great experiences with a few other therapists here too. The front office staff is always friendly, courteous and glad to see you. Jill, the owner, will go out of her way to meet your needs/requests and is very appreciative of your patronage. The entire crew at Hand & Stone will make your experience an excellent one. For this I give them 5 stars.
Ahh! I went here one day and took a whole 2 hours to go back again! This place was great! I found curtains for my house for a whopping 12 bucks!! (for both panels) And books, games, the whole shebang! Yeah, I agree with Jessica on wanting to save this little secret of mine.. but man oh man! I spent so many hours at antique stores and totally neglected the real deal! Definitely recommended.. or not recommended... if you're going for any size 6s!
first words out of my mouth after entering this location: "it doesn't smell like mildewed clothes in here!!!!" three cheers for cleanest goodwill i've ever been to. this place was amazing! cara and i came here looking for a project. the furniture selection was crummy. we were hoping to find a wood table or night stand or something maybe with drawers. no luck. it was mostly plastic faux wood. we did find a ton of other amazing things for a different type of project. a guy behind us in line found citizens jeans w the tags still on them. tons of board games w all the pieces. really, really great good will. my fav so far!
Fantactic food! And Anthony, the owner, is the man!
What a great little barber shop!!! I've been meaning to come down, and finally found the time. Got me a great haircut, neck shave and head massage all for under $20!!! Each cutting station has it's own personal TV, I was able to watch some football while getting a cut. It's truly a nice barbershop, granite counter tops and the old school barber shop chairs. This is what's it's all about, small local businesses!! Good work Gentleman Joe's!!!
For 18 dollars they do a phenomenal haircut, which includes a neck shave and massage. Crazy right? I always feel guilty and over tip. Best barber shop in downtown Phoenix.
The best Costco in AZ in terms of selection, highest quality, nicest jewelry / watches, and overall just everything. They have it all and the best of it all.
I love this place! Man, the Chicken Machaca burrito I had for lunch today was s-c-r-u-m-t-i-o-u-s!! OMG so good... and super filling. We go here all the time, especially on the weekends. Their breakfast burrito is amazing. I really like the decor... it's mod and minimalist, without being over the top. Also they have alot of GF (gluten free) menu items, which is a +. And they have their signature lemonade drinks available with Stevia. ++
Chicken machaca...absolutely beautiful! Slow cooked, spicy, dripping magical mouth-feel goodness. To anyone who has tried this place and given it mediocre marks, your mistake was in ordering the wrong thing. Side notes: Limonada...perfect! My favorite is the strawberry, but all are worth a try. Creamy rice is buttery and smooth. Black beans are healthful. Get a VIP card and score a sweet meal for under 8 bones. Side-side note: To all YELP haters...to all the "I wanted to like this place, but..." or "My friend said it was amazing, but..." or "I'm giving this 1 star because they forgot to hold the onions..." YOU ARE MAKING A GRAVE MISTAKE. Yelp is not your personal bitch-fest. I'm sorry you live an unhappy life, or your job sucks, or you suffer from a horrible skin condition. The fact is that small businesses are made or broken by your thoughtless reviews. If you have a suggestion, see the "suggestion box." If you want to hate, please stop doing it in my neighborhood. I want more independent, homegrown businesses like Revo...and fewer Chili's and Applebee's. Final note: I have no connection to Revo Burrito...I just love the food and my neighborhood. See you 'round.
Great food. Great carne asada burritos with a whole wheat option (Chipotle oddly still doesn't offer this) and you get a free side of chips (Chipotle doesn't do that either). Seems to be more of a take out place at night but they offer good happy hour and late happy hour specials. Really like this place.
Hole-in-the-Rock is a cave-like natural rock formation sculpted into the top of a sandstone butte in Phoenix's beautiful Papago Park. It's one of the most powerful scenic views in our city, and is the perfect place to showcase its exquisite landscape. Just a short hike up the butte and you'll find yourself in the amazing chamber sculpted over millions of years of wind and water erosion. At sunset there are few locations that can rival its awesomeness. The hole faces south, giving a wonderful view over south Phoenix all the way to South Mountain. Hole-in-the-Rock is truly one of the greatest attractions in our city and everyone would be blessed to experience it at least once. No fee to enter. Bring a camera!
By far the best auto repair shop I've ever been to. I originally started going to Joel a little over a year ago for oil changes, but when I had an issue with my (awful) Cadillac Catera I decided to give him a try. I was definitely impressed with the value, quality, and responsiveness of his work and shop. He offers free pick up and drop off services within a five mile radius and has even fixed some of the smaller issues with my car for free. Would highly recommend to anyone in the area!
I went in on a Saturday morning around 9:30 after a 5k run... so I was starving! The food was amazing! I ordered the pancakes... 3 huge pancakes with eggs and hash browns for $5.50. I had my food in about 7 - 10 minutes and was not disappointed! The eggs were cooked perfectly, the pancakes tasted like I made them at home. This is a great place for a good, cheap breakfast if you are in the area. I will definitely be back!!
Stopped in with my wife for appetizers and drinks on a Friday night. Loved the atmosphere and food was outstanding. Fries (potato and sweet potato) were excellent. White fish on tortilla with salsa was also fantastic - can't recall name, yet doesn't matter. Wine was served in stem less glasses..very good. No complaints and we will return again.. Thanks for the great service.
This place was great! My review is based on drinks ONLY. We went to a BBQ joint down the road for dinner and decided to hit this place for a nightcap on our first night in town to unwind. Great choice. We stumbled upon Happy Hour (which lasts until 11pm on Wednesdays) and each had two great drinks. I'm talking drinks on par with some of the best mixology bars in Chicago - for half the price. We sat outside next to the outdoor firepit and it was the perfect environment. The staff was excellent, the music was great, and the diverse mix of people sitting in the outdoor patio was friendly and fun. It's a couple blocks from the Light Rail station so we were back at our hotel in no time.
Might be my new favorite place to hang out on Central, be a part of the "scene" and eat some really great food. The staff was friendly and helpful. My Hawaiian Margarita was awesome. Too bad I was the DD...one was not enough. Everyone at the table had something unique and different and we all loved it. Can't wait to go back and try something else. It was scrumptious!
A friend of mine suggested we meet at Hula's for drinks and dinner and from the description it sounded great, I had just hoped it would hold up to everything she said and it totally did! The atmosphere is great, staff is super friendly and made some great suggestions and the food was really good too. The banana coconut cream pie is freaking amazing! We will absolutely be back to this place and bring friends.
Really cool spot. Food was fantastic. I had the Macadamia Nut crusted Hapu. Get the fried plantains. Made perfectly. Sweet and savory. There are many gluten free and vegetarian options as well. Fun drinks too. We opted for a fun drink too. A little crowded at times but worth it for the delicious food.
Love the place...it has got great cocktails that you can share like the volcano. The outside seating is great as long as its not July. I have a lot of Vegan buddies,so they love it for the different Tofu variations,but my favorite remains the Jerk chicken
I've never had a bad time at Hula. The drinks are some of the best mixes in the valley. Be careful though, they pack a helluva punch. From the burgers to the Mongolian beef bowl to their ceviche, you can't pick a bad dish. They set out to be a throwback 50's style tiki bar and they nail it. But, if you really want to enjoy yourself, sit at the bar. John (the tall guy) is hands down one of the best bartenders in the valley. Somewhere the art of that job got lost. The fun, easy to talk to, quick witted bartenders have been in large part replaced with a surly, too busy to chat, cooler than you crowd that makes it hard to be a repeat customer anymore. Not at Hula. Some people think that five stars are too commonly given out. I think five stars are deserved when it's a place you've recommended *first* when somebody asks you where to go downtown. Hula's been that more than once.
Excellent food, service, and atmosphere...what more can you ask for? Casual setting with full bar and many unique island drinks. Large food portions at very reasonable prices. So much to choose from and they all look so good! Across from Swirl and parking is free! I will be back again!
I really, really like it here. The staff is friendly, attentive, greets you as you walk in and the food/drinks are great! I think the old movies playing add a nice touch, too. I'll definitely be bringing all my out-of-town guests here.
Not sure why this place got bad reviews - the pizza is some of the best in this area, wait staff was great, and has a great, casual atmosphere. We've gone here several times and plan on going back many more. They also have a decent happy hour with $5 glasses of wine and some decent apps.
GREAT HAPPY HOUR! The prices are very reasonable, the food is good, and the staff is very helpful. The pizzas are delicious, great sauce. Try the Eggplant. The Saltimboca is one of the best on the menu or in town. A must for veal lovers.
Walked in thinking I could grab a slice & go, to my surprise it wasn't that kind of place, sat down, grabbed a burger and it was fantastic.
Good coffe and amazing muffins. Great place to sit down and relax.
I love Urban Beans! It is probably one of the best coffee houses I have been to. The staff members are great and there is plenty of seating and lots of plugs for computers. The WiFi is very reliable! Can't wait for the weather to get a little warmer so I can have coffee on the patio!
I think you must be my most favourite coffee shop in North America. You bring that homey continental feeling to your locale, the kind that is hard to duplicate. I can envision your place in just about any country I have ever been to. And your food and beverages have that same feeling... I am a loyal customer and fan!
I work in the area and drive past here everyday but never had a chance to stop in. Had an extra hour after work the other day so stopped in to have a cup of coffee and a sandwich. I've been back twice since. Drinks are great, food is great, perfect atmosphere to sit and read, catch up with an old friend, or just kill sometime with a glass of wine or cup of coffee! And the caprese sandwich is heavenly!
Poverty Pets is truly an amazing organization that we recently adopted our dog from. The story behind our pup was so sad, this little baby was found alone, dehydrated and sick on the street so they grabbed him, immediately took him to the vet to get treatment and fostered him until we were lucky enough to run across his precious face! The previous post from Lisa F. pretty much covers what PP is all about, we would absolutely recommend them to anyone looking to adopt!
I walked in and was immediately greeted by the waitress and was seated in a booth. Chairs are all wood and a bit stiff, but not that bad. I ordered the bun bo dac biet and a Pepsi. The waitress was kind enough to answer all of my questions as well as help me pronounce the name of the dish. Food came out quickly enough, and.... OH. MY. GOODNESS. The food was amazing. I had never had Vietnamese food before, and I will FOR SURE be returning to try more things on the menu. I was hoping that the price would be a bit lower, but it definitely is good for the food that you get.
This is by far, my favorite location. Although I have moved into the far north-valley, I still make a trip here several times a month. The service is great, the food is consistently good, and I am always treated as a valued guest with each visit.
I wrote a pretty tough review on March 27. Since then I have been nothing but impressed. First you should know that I run an internet marketing company so when I see a business using the internet to interact with their customers, I get pretty exited. Within hours of me posting my negative review, Larry Macias Managing Partner of Bluewater Grill responded. He invited me to call him on his cell or at the restaurant - which I did. He apologized for the bad experience and invited me back as his guest. I accepted the offer to return but did not want any free meals. (My previous review was really a knock on the staff, not on the atmosphere or food.) Long story short, we decided to try it again, but on a big scale. We invited 24 people to my wife's birthday party. Larry took care of everything and I can now say we are fans of Bluewater Grill. Our guests had an outstanding experience. The food was excellent. The staff was very attentive and professional. And the night became a memorable one. So kudos to Larry and the Bluewater Grill, for reaching out to us, turning a bad experience into a positive one and demonstrating how interacting with your customers online can turn into a great use of the business owners time. Remember, he got me to bring 24 people back to his restaurant!
I received nothing free. Paid for great food and exceptional service. This was the Fish Market and is now Bluewater Grill. Great happy hour too!
My husband took me here for our anniversary and it was delicious! We ordered the calamari appetizer which was great and cooked perfectly!! I had the king crab legs and it was well worth the price!! The waitress was great as well!! Great customer service from her and the manager of the restaurant even came and introduced himself which I thought was nice! Everyone is really friendly and attentive!! This is the best seafood restaurant in town!!! We will definitely be back!!!
Based on the reviews at Yelp I gave Hot Shots a try. Told them it was my first time and that I had been going to another handwash location for years. The manager explained what they do and why it takes longer than other washes. I know it is a little more money but it is worth every penny. Other washes never seem to get the water out of the mirrors. You end up with streaks down the doors. How about the water marks from around the trunk.Not a problem at Hot Shots. My car is black and you just can't run it through a regular carwash, handwash is the only option. I will be a regular now!!
This was our first visit on our way through Phoenix. The hotel is modern and clean. The staff was incredibly helpful and knowledgable. We were hungry from the long drive in with a cranky toddler. They gave us a great recommendation for delivery to our room and gave us two complimentary cups of milk for the baby. It was thoughtful and so appreciated. The room was huge and clean with beautiful views of the mountains. It actually feels like a little home with the cute kitchenette, little living area, etc. The bed and pillows were so comfortable I actually considered staying another night. This is definitely a place I will be staying again when we travel through.
I was in town visiting a friend for a week- and Im not interested in paying $15-20 extra per day to a car company that thinks Im worth that much extra risk. Im an ASU Alum looking to go back so I was able to take advantage of their $35 subscription discount. Zipcar is amazing, super convenient, you rent the car by the hour or by the day- run your errands, do what you need to do and drop it back at its stop. I love the car I rented! Now I want a hybrid, I barely had to deal with the gas, and when I did fill up it was not on me. I wish Zipcar was around when I didnt have a car- would have made my life INFINITELY easier, but alas, the lightrail, zipcar and all the wonderful things happen RIGHT after I get my car. Thank you Universe. While it is a bit on the pricey side the convenience is definitely worth it! If your undergrad/grad student who doesnt have a cool flatmate or dont want to bother them- this is great for getting around! Highly Recommended!
Matt and Erenia Pool have done it again (finally) The proprietors fo Matt's Big Breakfast and The Roosevelt have at long last opened their long-awaited coffee shop. Located just a block east of Central and a few steps south of McDowell; Giant Coffee shares the ground floor with the equally lovely Bunky Boutique. The space is wide open and amazingly designed by the architecture firm located upstairs (the Merz Project). As you might expect, if you have any experience with the Downtown Pool Empire, The ambiance and the coffee are both exceptional. For a space which seems so small from outside, the amount of seating is impressive. The floor to ceiling opening front windows allow for an amazing feeling of expansive breathing room. I have only gone once, (this morning) I had the Honey0vanilla latte. It was fantastic. Simple and sublime at once. a more extensive menu of treats and goodies to nosh on is to follow soon. Bravo...
Giant Coffee is what coffee shops were 10-15 years ago. Friendly employees, simple menu and well trained baristas with the highest quality equipment available at their fingertips. We both ordered honey vanilla lattes. These were done to perfection. I ordered soy milk and this was the best soy foam that I have ever tasted, perfectly velvety and just the right amount. I spent years working for a major coffee place that starts with the letter "S" and I am a bit of a foam fanatic. Also, a beautiful pour on both of the lattes and a great balance of sweet honey and caramel colored espresso. I was happy to see rice milk, soy milk and goat milk as options, I will definitely try the honey vanilla with goat milk next time. My only disappointment was that aside from the packaged bars, and thanks for carrying Larabars, there were not any non-dairy pastry type alternatives. This is a coffee shop done right, we will be back.
Matt's big breakfast is my favorite, the Roosevelt is awesome and now Giant Coffee is posed to be a favorite too! Fist visit here and already can't wait to come back, chill, and do some work.
I am head-over-heels for this place and I don't even drink coffee. I went with a friend this weekend and had a (delish) brownie coconut thingy. The glass front of the coffee house was opened like a sun roof -- it was absolutely beautiful. My friend loved her latte too!
Woah, there's a review stating they only take cash (dude, I've only ever paid with credit cards) and that there's no parking, there's a freaking lot in the alley behind Giant that ALWAYS has parking. Also, it's right off the light rail, so walking isn't that big of a deal. This place is awesome because it IS walkable for those of us lucky enough to live in the downtown area and it's also awesome because they pull consistent shots, have cozy seating and amazing service. If you want a "skinny" drink, why not just--wait for it--not put sugar in your coffee? Also if you have a problem with the crowd, maybe you should just stay home and reassure yourself that you're a special butterfly that just happens to be misunderstood. Myself, I don't think that people who use Mac's are some sort of namby-pamby commies, seeing as how I use one myself like most people who work in my industry. Seriously, I like the relaxed crowd here compared to the loud, crowded buzz of Lux. Word to the wise, the pastries here are amazing and go half off after 3:00.
Cameron and Robbie are the Tag Team you want for your wedding. They are experienced and do a wonderful job. They handled both our engagement and wedding pictures and We're just blown away with how many excellent pictures we have of these events. Cameron was the point man at our wedding helping coordinate all the other services and DJ'ing our party. All of our friends came back with such positive feedback for what a great time it was. This is an excellent value for a better than fair price and they are a large reason why our special day was such a success.
Recently stayed at the Biltmore and found this place to be a really pleasant surprise. Service and food were fantastic - the bartenders Molly and Danielle make a great cocktail and go out of their way to make people feel at ease. Sounds bizarre, but I highly recommend the meatloaf. No, really.
Because it's Friday and I'm in the mood to celebrate, it's time to review the ultimate Disneyland for drunks. Total Wine, you are the bees knees. The proper mindset for this review should not be "I'd like a beer with dinner." This is Friday-afternoon-lets-tie-one-off time. Even the most moderate of imbibers will start to get an itch, a sort of hunger, when entering the hallowed halls of this market. Wide aisles stocked to the roof greet you. I won't discuss the wine because, frankly, I'd sound like an idiot. Lets just assume it's great. I can't look at the beer and booze sections without hearing angels sing. This is a good thing since angels sing well. I have yet to crave a brew that I haven't been able to find at Total Wine. If I'm feeling homesick for Tucson (which doesn't happen much) I can grab an ice cold sixer of Nimbus Old Monkeyshine. Delicious monkeys... Seriously though, think of a beer. Go to Total Wine and find it. It's like magic! 9%abv magic. Want great beer in a can? Grab yourself an Old Chubb, Ha, I just made myself giggle. The booze selection is a beautiful testament to excess. The selection is varied, detailed and complete. To compare it to another adult beverage superstore the defining difference is the selection. Whereas the unnamed superstore would have two or three kinds of say, Limoncello, Total Wine has close to a dozen. You can't beat that. The most amazing thing about Total Wine is the pricing. A six pack of Kiltlifer is nearly three bucks less than I can find it elsewhere. The aforementioned Limoncello is typically four to five dollars cheaper. I justify buying top shelf stuff by telling myself that it's a bargain. I lie to myself alot. If you're looking to get your drank on, there is no better place to go than Total Wine.
All Hail the Dutchess of Total Wine, AMber W! Total Wine is probably my favourite (For Nathan S.) place on the planet. For reals, yo. You can waste a whole entire afternoon walking around looking at new wines, spirits, and beers. It never gets old! They have such a huge variety, and in every price range... single beers, 6-12-24-30 packs... single serving bottles up to kegs... they even have multiple gluten free beers and ciders for me! Excellent customer service, great prices (generally $1-2 cheaper than walmart or the grocery store, on average), perfectly located next to Chipotle, and they always have the product I need readily available. I tried asking once if they would let me bring a cot and just move in, but I got denied. Perhaps one day my fantasy will come true!
bev who???? total wine is my favorite!!!!!!! weekend wine tastings! beer classes!! tons of beer and wine to choose!!!! always low prices!!! my 12 pack is 11.49 everytime!! tgftw!!!!
Lowest prices on everything. Period. I save an average of 5-10 dollars a bottle compared to other stores. EXCELLENT selection
They have everything! So, the last cruise DH and I took introduced us to a couple of special bottles of wine. DH's fave was called Magnificat (I found it a bit heavy in the oak) and set us back about $ 80.00. Found it here for $35.00. My favorite was a Meritage called Col Solare $99.00 onboard our ship and difficult to find in Boulder. Total Wine had Col Solare for $65.00! Nice! Slight draw back: first time I asked for help finding Col Solare, the guy misdirected me, but another young employee helped me locate this special bottle of wine!
I went here the day it opened and thought it might be just another Italian place..and now every time I go I check in on FourSquare! It's totally addictive..the restaurant...I love their inexpensive Monday-Tuesday Spaghetti & Meatballs. Their onion bread with basil is really great..they even have a little bar. I go here once a week; the staff is super nice. Say hi to Tim the Manager cause He is always a charmer!
My family and I like to make Babbo a weekly treat. Their spaghetti and meatballs are some of the best in town, and you can't beat the price too! I usually order the pepperoni, sausage, & mushroom calzone and order the spaghetti and meatballs to go for tomorrow's lunch. I have never left unsatisfied by the quality of their food or their service.
i've been shopping here weekly since the storefront first opened and they are now really hitting their stride. Well stocked shelves and the new products rotating in only enhance the mix. For example...on the bakery end of things you could get Simply Bread (simply delicious!) from Day One, as well as the bread and tortilla offerings of the outdoor market vendors. Today they have all of those things plus their bakery case has an interesting, varied selection of baked-on-site goodies (thankyou thankyou for having freshed baked slices of pie, a rarity in Phoenix!) and (drum roll) they have added freshly baked pita bread from the Middle Eastern Bakery (best in town!) to go with the great hummus and spreads and dips they have had on the shelves since day one. See what i mean? very thoughtful additions as the months have gone on. I recently got some special avocado oil here (which can be used at higher temps than the already delicious Queen Creek olive oil varieties - you need both kinds, i think) and the other salsas, sauces, spreads etc make the perfect take home treats or gift items. The produce selection is the best, They are sticking to the outdoor market's original intent which was to showcase vegetables and fruits in season. The selection always has plenty of variety and i have always been excited to find new items to try alongside the household staples like onion and potato and tomato and (the sweetest little) organic apples. Most of the meat offerings are frozen which keeps them super fresh, they do offer fresh refrigerated chicken which cooks up very moist. i have to confess that there is one particular item that i love to buy at this store (i'm not saying what, so i have at least a chance of getting it once a week!) but i noticed they usually do run out of it at some point during the week...that is perfectly okay with me though, because that means everyone else has discovered how good it is too! I hope that happens regularly to many more items in stock at this great little 'shop local' market! The staff is friendly and helpful and i've noticed the sandwich/salad offerings have expanded over time. People always seem to be sitting at the wine bar having a good time any night i am there. They just announced the storefront will be open till 11 pm on First Friday nights so let's all stop by during their expanded hours! we need more places like this. Congrats Phoenix Public Market, keep it going!
Excellent. (Okay, so it shines in part by its proximity to ... nothing. The coffee is burnt and the scones ... not so delish. Nonetheless, if you're in downtown Pheonix and you need lunch, this is your spot.)
Ever had a piece of Broccoli that made you re-evaluate the vegetable entirely? Well I did, and I bought it from Phx Pub Mrkt. Beautiful verdant luscious dark green colour, crunchy savory and earthy, it even kept in my fridge far longer than I'd have figured an organic piece of Broccoli bought in an open air market should've kept. This broccoli made me a believer in this place. Nowadays I only shop for my seasonal fruits and veggies here, and the fact it's within walking distance from my shack only gives me further incentive. The market itself is not too big, they offer some hippie entrees at a lunch counter made by kids with tattoos and piercings and humble courteous faces. The veggies, fruits, and most of the merchanise is eihter a.)local b.)organic c.) expensive or d.)all of the above. However I love everything this market stands for and is trying to accomplish, I can only sing it's praises and shell money at it, hoping it grows into the little shop of horrors it was meant to be- with giant 7 foot anthropomorphized campy Little Richard like broccoli heads with a taste for blood and musicals.
I traveled to PHX for a family member's wedding and stayed at the Hampton which was within walking distance to many shops, Whole Foods and Trader Joes. I really enjoyed the fact that I could go grab my specialty foods and soaps at those stores while being away from home. No one likes using products they aren't used to while traveling so having it all available right around the corner was quite a convenience. Service at the Hampton was great! The staff was very helpful and accommodating, especially Josh at the front desk. Josh was very compassionate and professional as he helped me with a minor medical issue. All in all, I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking to stay in the Phoenix area. Plus they had a nice fire pit by the pool that was really relaxing after all the wedding stuff! Thanks Hampton staff!
I am from New York. Born on the upper east side of manhattan to some yuppie parents and raised on the Gold Coast of Long Island. I am a snob by nature. To make matters worse when I was about 19 I decided I was brave enough to try my hand at cooking professionally. Anywho fast forward about a decade I dropped cooking like a bad habit we don't need to get into what I actually do now. I'm more retired then anything. Ok getting to the point. When ever I decide to take a mental health day during the week or when I'm feeling frisky early on a Saturday this is my go to spot. BEST BAGELS IN PHX. #fact. Two fried eggs bacon and cheese on a toasted everything bagel. Don't get fancy at this place stick to the basics and thank me later!
The staff here are patient, kind, knowledgable, and honest. Our puppy came down with Parvo a few weeks ago. They took the time to explain to us the disease and how serious it was. We were there at 12am hearing about our options to move forward. They broke down the cost of leaving him in the hospital for a few days vs. sending him home with meds for us to administer. We both work full time and decided our puppy had the best chance of surviving if we left them with the hospital. They asked for a 75% deposit of the estimate. The staff reassured us we could call any time to check in on him. We called 3-4 times a day but they never made us feel like they were bothering them! A vet tech would get on the phone and give us a thorough update. Once he was ok, they sent us home with great instructions on how to continue caring for him. As a bonus, they actually refunded some of our money as they didn't need as much meds as they initially thought! We felt respected, cared for, and very grateful for saving our dog's life.
I have tried just about all the super buffet in the Phoenix metropolitan. so I have a pretty good base for comparison. I find this place to be among the best. food is always fresh. they are supposed to be Oriental, but I see several dishes that are French origin. Several dished definitely European origin. An interesting combination of food.
I took in my engagement ring from my first marriage and got store credit. I used the credit to have them convert a rather large necklace with a lot of sentimental value to me, into a pendent and earrings. The workmanship was amazing and cost far less then I had expected. They took excellent care of a rather meaningful piece for me. They also fixed a ring for me and made it better. With my remaining store credit I was able to buy a lovely ring with a huge piece of amber in it and an amethyst ring, silver chain, and a gift for someone else. I went over my store credit but it was so worth it. The staff at Diamond Jim's are thoughtful and just lovely to work with. Skip the mall and go to Diamond Jim's. I have worked with them in the past selling jewelry and buying more pieces. You will get a much better price and experience at this small gem of a store.
Last time iwas there I had a great experience. My sis got her ring from there. Beautiful. and I found my clauddagh ring too. Going back for my bridal set.
A friend recommended Diamond Jim's even though I live in southern California. I used their website and emails initially, but ultimately interacted directly with the owner to explain my needs and discuss options. We discussed my budget for the gift and my girlfriend's preferences and Jim's questions and input made it clear he was both knowledgeable and committed to making my search successful. I left the search in his hands and he did not disappoint. He located a vintage platinum and sapphire bracelet and gave me a great price for an exquisite piece. I was very happy with the service and item. Jim was friendly, helpful, and professional. If he doesn't have what you're looking for, he'll find it for you. The store handled the packing and shipping at no additional cost (including adequate insurance). The bracelet arrived in a lovely box and my girlfriend was delighted with it. I'll be using Diamond Jim's for all my future jewelry needs.
Now this is a real brunch! I got a whole wheat egg white chorizo burro that came with a side of potatoes and a side of summer fruits for $6.95 much better than my experience on Mother's Day at Earl's Patio! This place has the best service, great food and again the opportunity to see Live Music weekdays and weekends! Definitely my favorite place!
Dive Bar Heaven? Maybe. The night we went the jukebox wasn't on but they were playing some groovy 80's tunes. There's a pool table in the front room where you walk in. The roof lines are great mid century modern goodness. I love the ceiling. The bartender pours a fair drink I'm told. I'll have to make another trip after I'm off this diet. I'm looking forward to checking it out on the second Saturday of the month for Obscura (formally at the Ruby Room).
I kid you not when I say the food is delicious, the service is the best I've experienced. It's a very welcoming place I would call a second home. 5 stars hands down in my book.
The coffee is really really really good. So good you don't care about anything else.
Aaron was amazing!! I brought in the image that I wanted done, that I had found on a website. I was concerned that he, or any artist at High Noon, wouldn't do it because I've been turned away before because the artist prefers to do original work. Never should have concerned me. Aaron was amazing, and when I offered him artistic license with the color scheme, he really took it to heart and made it very feminine but still bold. It's not in your face, but it doesn't back down. Like me!! He was done in 45 minutes and the detail is so precise, that my husband spent two hours taking it all in! It even appeals to my mom, who was very against the idea of me getting a second tattoo at all! The shop itself is very clean and styled to look like a wild west saloon. They did have the chiropractor's chair (my tattoo is on the low neck, mid shoulder area, and I was able to sit comfortably while I was being inked. Aaron waited until I was watching to pull out the individually wrapped, medically sterilized needle, which was also very reassuring! Absolutely the definition of professionalism for this business!! I am ecstatic and I'm thinking I may go in again for one of the original roses that they have there!! Beautiful!!! With my pricing rating, I'm basing it on my opinion of the complexity of the tattoo, the intensity of the color and the time it took. I'm not willing to divulge the price I paid, I'll leave that up to the guys. One thing to keep in mind, is they only take cash, but I really can't say I blame them. If you decide to get inked by anyone at High Noon, be prepared to be a walking gallery, because it's some of the most amazing art ever and you'll be dying to show it off!
Ok, the only two reviews before me are from straight people. Now Babylon is gay and I have to say to say that is really good. We came here because a facebook friend told me that the music was amazing. It is, I wasn't expecting a show club (cabaret) but not complaints, the guys performances are decent, nothing really nude. One employee told me about their drag shows and the drinks are affordable. So far, I'm having a great time.. Thinking about spend my new years here for sure. :-). Check it out, is a good place.
Had a backed up drain last night (from cooking). Got on Craigslist at 9am, found Darrel, and he was at my house by 11am. Super friendly, fast service, and $45 flat fee drain cleaning. Good and honest service!
The design and installation of our security door was awesome! First, it was built and installed more quickly than was initially promised. Second, the colors and design exceeded our expectations! Third, the crew installing the door was top notch professional and courteous being very thorough and doing a great job cleaning up! We compared this company with the other big names in security doors and feel very fortunate to have selected them. Dollar to dollar, these guys are the best value. Thanks DCS!
let me be the first to say...this place is amazing, and sherry is as good as it gets. the location is perfect, and on a gorgeous day such as today, i was more than happy to relax and enjoy the total hair experience that sherry provided me. the place has a huge garage door to let in the beautiful spring breeze and makes for a calming, urban atmosphere. it's not stuffy or noisey or claustrophobic like many salons are. and after you're done getting your new 'do, you can walk right next door to postino and indulge in a glass....or bottle...of wine. sherry gave me a great short, texturific cut for an unbeatable price. she even rinsed my hair after i cut it so i didn't have to go home and take a shower to rinse away the little hairs left in from the texturizing. i couldn't be happier.
Hi David, We got so busy talking about business I forgot to mention how much I liked my haircut! Best ever! Perfect! I started getting compliments immediately. I didn't want you to think I take this for granted... your talent is unsurpassed my friend. Greg Specht - 08/13/2012
I came to see Jennifer Dew earlier this week. I wanted to take my very long hair to a shoulder length bob. She sat down with me and listened to everything I had to say, took into consideration my lifestyle, limited hair styling ability, and what I was really looking to achieve. My hair looks so cute and feels so soft, it's also extremely easy to style. She is so pleasant and really obsesses about making your hair perfect. Go see her, you won't regret it. Also, pick up a glass of wine beforehand at Postinos! I'll be back again!
Jennifer Dew is amazing! I've had two haircuts and highlights with her now and she is fabulous. I'm so happy to have found a great stylist in Phoenix.
Love it Love it Love it. The girls here are great, beyond sweet, totally helpful and just awesome. Everything you need, nice and organized, even when they have their sales and that's impressive. It's less crowded on most days than other locations, which I enjoy. No one truly bugs you or over services you, which I am also a fan of. Love everything about this store.
We had the best experience. The movers were super polite and friendly. The service impeccable. The cost reasonable. The truck was well equipped , everything was wrapped in plastic then wrapped in blankets. There wasn't a mark on anything. I cannot stress how impressed we were. I give them my highest rating , They do book out about a week in advance so don't hesitate to call. 65 per hour.
After not really having a haircut in 6 years, I went to chop of all of my hair and donate it to locks of love. My stylist was great and helped me pick a style after years of not paying attention at all. Everyone was very nice and I felt comfortable as the only man in sight. I was happy with the cut too and I definitely recommend this place. The pricing ($25 for a men's cut) seems right on point too.
very unique and inspiring individual. Awesome show room but keep in mind you are paying for pieces of art. I am sure the people who have paid for his work love it to pieces. When i have some extra cash I will be doing some work this him. stop by and see what he is all about you wont be disappointed!
Efficient AND a bargain! I'm a sucker for coupons so I finally called to make an appointment at European Wax Center (I was in dire need) since I had received my coupon for a FREE bikini wax in the mail a while back. It turns out that all first time female clients can choose between a free bikini line, eyebrow or underarm wax (men can choose from a free eyebrow, nose or ear wax). Yes - free free free! I usually do more than a traditional bikini line so the receptionist informed me that I could get 50% off the price of a brazilian (which would be $17.50) or full (which would be $14). I had my appointment last night and was impressed by how professional and clean the waiting area was. I waited less than a minute for DeAnna to come out to lead me to her room which was spotless. She applied two different skin treatments first then used a high grade wax that does not necessitate cloth strips. She definitely knew what she was doing to make it as painless as possible...and got me out in a jiffy all smooth and clean. DeAnna also gave me a bunch of samples of the company's lotions and body washes which smell incredible! I couldn't stop smelling my hands the rest of the night! The prices at European Wax Center really can't be beat. I've already made my next appointment with DeAnna and will definitely be asking some questions about the promo passes they sell to get even more discounts on future services. Until then, because I filled out a little comment card I get to cash in on the $5 off coupon they handed me on the way out!
I enjoy Hobby Lobby because it is very well organized and you can find just what you are looking for without feeling overwhelmed. Sign up on their website and you almost always get a 40% off one item coupon. There is a great fabric section, and a wonderful card area too. I love the Christian vibe here with some of the decorator items, the music and the fact they are closed on Sundays.
The name says it all. This is one hot bagel shop! This could be one of the best bagel shops I've found in Phoenix and I would have never expected to find it way up in North Scottsdale. This bagel shop is delicious. The bagels are large, hot, soft and extremely delicious. This local eatery has a line out the door on weekends and it's for a reason. The breakfast bagel sandwiches are to-die-for. The cheese, egg and bacon combo sandwiched between a hefty bagel makes it worth waking up early on a Sunday morning! I will be visiting again soon for the deli because I hear that it's a must to stop by and experience their lunch.
LOVE that we found this place heading up to Sedona. I ordered the lox/cream cheese/ caper bagel. AMAZING! Seriously, it was stacked super high with salmon! The bagels themselves were awesome- NO HOLES! we wondered, are people selling bagel holes now also?? BF had the ham/cheese sandwich. He devoured it! It was super fresh, fast, and delicious! would defientely come back!
Ok, forget the smoked white fish and the black/white cookies... this place doesn't need them! This Hot Bagels and Deli is one of the Best places you will find anywhere around Phoenix for tasty bagels! They are bagelicious! If you don't believe me, then just stop by on a Saturday or Sunday morning and watch all of the bagel seeking peeps come into this place by the droves! Yes, it's a great people watching place too :-) A good bagel must be somewhat light and yet chewy on the inside and boiled and crisp on the outside. This place knows how to make bagels better than most hands down. I hope you will give them a try. Maybe I will see you there?!
We had to have our patio roof replaced. These guys did excellent work, quick turn around, great price quote and very professional. We are very please with the work completed and will be using them in the future!
Excellent coffee, excellent service, pleasant, inviting atmosphere and the BEST, absolute BEST pastries in town. I am glad to see there is finally a quality coffee shop on Roosevelt Row.
I'm new to area and saw this place driving by one day, so I stopped. The owners were working and walked me through their menu. I had the green chili beef burrito. It was HUGE and delicious! I see a lot of reviews from the past saying they don't accept credit cards but they now accept credit cards! Stop by and check them out!
I am always excited when a new restaurant opens up in my neighborhood. I am a big fan and proponent of shopping local, especially in food establishments. I won't lie, when I first researched the Mellow Mushroom and found out that they were a franchise, I was a tad sad. Then I learned that each of the 110 restaurants are completely different from one another - no cookie cutter layouts here! I had the pleasure to sit down with owners Jay and Diana, and was impressed with how they give back to our community. One of the first things you notice about each Mellow Mushroom location is the unique art on the walls. At the Happy Valley location I recognized shots of the local Phoenix scene and great art from local Phoenicians. As part of being in the Mellow Mushroom family, each location gives back a substantial amount of money to local artists to outfit each location with visual wonderfulness. I enjoy good wine, but when you go to the Mellow Mushroom, it is the beers that have top reign here. With more than 36 beers on tap, (Tempe has 48) it is very easy to pair the perfect beer to your pie. When you become a regular here and don't see your favorite libation on tap - just ask. If you are there often enough, they are more than happy to bring it in for you. I was stunned. Seriously? I could just name my poison and you will bring it in? Now that is what I call service! There is even a Beer Club that you can join if you want to taste all of their beers. My love for root beer started when I was very young and I would ask for one each time we went out for pizza (long before there was delivery). The Sonoran Root Beer is crafted locally and made from Sonoran Desert honey, plus it is mighty delicious. Next time I go in I have to try it with a scoop of Vanilla Bean Ice Cream. Yum!! I admit, I have eaten at the Mushroom quite a few times, and often enjoy their Happy Hour from 3-6pm and I have been known to come back for their Reverse Happy Hour from 10pm-2am. Seriously - can't go wrong with half priced appetizers and beers. The crowd is usually those coming in for a beer after work and meeting a buddy to relax a bit before going home. One of my favorite appetizers is definitely the Spinach & Artichoke Dip - tons of cheesy goodness with the right mix of spinach and artichoke hearts. Often times, I split the Capri salad with its delicious mix of fresh mozzarella, vine-ripened tomatoes, basil, and the most orgasmic balsamic reduction that I have ever tasted. OMG - can I have a bottle of that reduction please!?! Meatballs. Seriously. I just need to say it again - Meatballs. These are freaking awesome! The sauce is sweet, just the way I like it, fresh basil, shaved Parmesan, and inside each meatball is a soft cheesy center = Heaven. Please make more because I am not sharing! I am not usually a fan of pretzels, but boy was I pleasantly surprised when I tasted theirs! You could taste the freshness and the softness when they came right out of the oven. The pretzel dough tasted like it had been mixed with honey - actually it's made with molasses and Georgia Spring Water. I was hooked! For all of the Vegan lovers out there, the dough is Vegan, but make sure to ask for it sans the Parmesan cheese. The same dough that made those awesome pretzels also creates the crust for their signatures pizzas. That is the only thing required from each franchise is that the dough is made in their flagship location in Atlanta, Georgia. On one of my adventures to the Mellow Mushroom, I had the help of eating my way through a few of the pizzas with @skinnyjeans aka @noshtopia. Read her review as she talks about all the great gluten-free and vegan items that are on their menu. The owners' son came up with a pizza that is unique to Arizona, but with the name of the establishment, I was quite surprised that not all of the franchises have it on their menus - the Fun Guy Pizza. This is by far my favorite pizza and it has five different types of mushrooms loaded on it: Shiitake, Crimini, Button, Portobello, and Oyster Mushrooms with lots of Mozzarella cheese and the sauce is a house-made Grilled Mushroom Vinaigrette. I'm in love. I seriously didn't want to share. I have tried all of these pizza too: * Kosmic Karma: This pizza has a love of olive oil and pesto chicken, with tons of sun-dried tomatoes, spinach, Feta, and fresh tomatoes. Loved it!! * House Special: Their signature pizza loaded with flavor and freshness with Pepperoni, sausage, ground beef, onions, green peppers, mushrooms, black olives, tomatoes, ham, bacon, and of course, extra cheese. * Mighty Meaty: Stacked with Pepperoni, Italian Sausage, ground beef, ham, and bacon Read the full review here: http://bit.ly/ijJJXh
Wings are amazing!!! The pizza is pretty good as well. They also have a good happy hour and a lot of different beers on tap and in bottles. Make a delicious/strong rum and coke! I would definitely recommend this place. It can be crowded at times in the bar, but I have always been able to find a seat within a matter of a few minutes! Definitely recommend giving it at try!
We won a gift card to this place and had never heard of it. Then we were Icky enough to find a Groupon as well! So we decided to head out and check it out and leave the kids with grandma. We went at lunch time and the place was pretty empty. We were seated in a comfy booth and began looking over the menu. The place had a really nice bar with a lot of interesting beer selections, but we weren't drinking on this particular day, so we passed. We decided to get some appetizers since they were half off for happy hour. I got the Capri (tomatoes, basil, mozzarella and balsamic glaze) and it was wonderful! My husband got the pretzels, which were also really good. We got one of each and liked the Parmesan ones best. For entrees we ordered the Holy Shiitake pizza with like 3 kinds of different mushrooms and a Mushroom Club. Both were amazing! The pizza crust is made with molasses and has a really original taste to it. It has some chew to it and a nice crisp exterior. The pizza was decent in size and the price runs about the same as California Pizza Kitchen or most other gourmet pizza places. The pizza was VERY good though. The Club was also really good! It had a lot of meat and the combination of all the ingredients was perfect. Nothing was overpowering and the bread was soft on the inside and crispy on the outside. Our overall experience was really good! We are looking forward to going back to this place, though we will probably go to the Tempe location as it is closer to our house. Mellow Mushroom is a great place for a unique twist on pizza and the prices are pretty reasonable as well.
Still the best beer and pizza ever!
Most pizza places tend to be fairly typical and vary in quality, but seem common. This restaurant always surprises with unique flavors and top quality in all of their ingredients. From the crusts to the sauces to the toppings, everything is top-notch and consistent. The dough is flavorful with just the right crunch on the outside and great texture inside. Beer selection is excellent. There are plenty of non-pizza menu items to keep things interesting and to accomodate for any diet needs. One of the top pizza joints in town.
Love this place! Consistently amazing food and great service. Only one server there is kind of a bummer but she is easy to avoid as there are so many other great servers. The food is always amazing, freshly made, and great ingredients. This is a place where I can feel full from the food but not gross. Some of my favorites are: - jerk chicken hoagie (with bacon - takes it to another level of goodness) - avocado hoagie - funky q pizza - enlightened spinach salad Can't beat the prices of those hoagies, and especially can't beat the lunch specials ($5).
IN-N-OUT IN MAH BELLY! So freaking good it's almost criminal. Small menu here but what they do they do most excellently. As we had a long ride up to Sedona today and needed to get some gas in the tank I noticed the sign on the highway for this In-N-Out location and made a bee-line for it after hitting the gas station. Did not want to get all bloated and sleepy by ordering off the "secret menu" so I went with the basic crave satisfying meal of a double double, fries, and a Neopolitan shake. Good beejeezus this burger is like an orgasm in your mouth! Two beef patties of juicy goodness, fresh lettuce and tomato, crisp onion slices, and a soft buttery bun. Oh my! Decent enough fries and a thick delicious shake to wash it all down. Just ridiculously tasty! This location itself is super clean with a cool retro look to it like back in the 1950's. A bunch of tables outside on a front patio that we ate on with the perfect weather out today. It just doesn't get any better then this! That little devil on my shoulder kept taunting me to eat another burger, but I had to resist. Sedona was calling and it was a long ride. After this I already needed a nap!
In-N-Out. IN through my mouth and OUT through "making toilet" as Borat Sagdiyev would say. It's the 2nd best In-N-Out I've ever been to, second to the one in Atascadero, CA off of Route 101. Ordering off the secret menu is key and I had the 3x3 done Animal Style with fries and a strawberry shake. Nice job guys - the patties, meat and toppings were perfectly placed, the cheese was perfectly melted and oozing and it was put together perfectly. The wax paper allowed for the burger to maintain its integrity and because of this, you are a solid 4.5 Yelps although Yelp will not allow me to do this. You get 5 Yelps for being the 2nd best rounded up. THIS has been a review by Gaurav
yum
This new place opened just a week ago in a building formerly occupied by Hometown Buffet. It has been lightly remodeled, with new chairs, upholstery & carpeting, but the layout of the serving area has remained quite a bit the same. This is a big restaurant, with a big array of food! I counted up 104 items, plus sauces, condiments, & so on, & everything I tried was great! There was tasty sushi, attractively presented, & the Mongolian BBQ had lots of meat, veggie, & fruit choices, including water chestnuts, capers, bamboo shoots, & pineapple. There were numerous sauces to add in before cooking, & mine came out tasting delicious & cooked just right. Over at the hot tables, there were goodies such as tender, delicious beef back ribs (Think Bobby Q, but ALL YOU CAN EAT!), delicious very long baked asparagus spears topped with cheese, & so on. The service was exceptional too, & it's a very comfortable place to eat. Thus, I think Great China here beats every other Chinese buffet in Phoenix city right now, even Hong Kong Gourmet & Lin's, & reaches #3 for the whole Valley! It's a winner! Lunch Buffet $6.49, Sr. $5.84. Dinner & Weekends $8.49, $7.64 Sr. ==================================================== 5/6/10 Update: Had lunch here today with Mike C. Still totally 5-Stars! Very, very good food here!! :-))
This is by far my favorite restaurant in Ahwatukee. They have great food (nothing is frozen or microwaved), and amazing beer on tap. They also have great craft beer night on Thursday night, and you can mix and match a 6 pack for $9! Highly, highly recommend.
Visited twice now, and the food and atmosphere was amazing both times. Favorite place in the valley!
Rick, owner of Beast Printing, provides excellent service. When ever I need anything, he delivers. I have order luggage tags and Shirts and have been very pleased. I recommend to any one if you need any promotional products for your business or club. Then you Rick!!! Glen
Wow! Very impressed! I just moved to a new apartment recently and took a chance on this place for delivery. I used the online order option and was quoted 45 - 60 minutes for delivery. My order arrived in less than 30 minutes, hot, and delicious! I order sweet and sour shrimp, crab puffs and shrimp fried rice. The order before the tip was $20 and well worth it since it was easily enough for 2 people! The shrimp was packaged separate from the sauce so it wasn't soggy and the crab puffs are the best. Will definitely stay with this option!
For years I suffered from chronic back pain. At 27, I was diagnosed with scoliosis...something I was totally unprepared for. All these years I attributed the back pain to being a little over weight, horseback riding injuries or even a poor mattress...never did I think that a "crooked" back was really the culprit. I'd been to another chiropractor who did what I would consider a traditional adjustment. In and out in 5 minutes...with no true goals in mind for my overall treatment. As a patient that just didn't work for me and I knew I needed to be helped in a different way. Dr. Wiegand is exactly what my back and neck ordered! Not only is he truly passionate about his work but he really takes the time to treatment plan a specific goal for treatment for each and every patient. He also uses traction which has help tremendously in the realignment of my neck! Not to mention he has his patients do exercises at home to maintain treatment during days when they are not at the office. His method of adjustment is amazing as well. Being in the dental field I place a lot of stress and strain on my neck and back on a daily basis and really was hopeless about ever being out of pain until coming to SpineBuilders. They have truly proven treatment and I would recommend them to everyone looking for a superb chiropractor :) Not to mention his office staff is beyond wonderful...very helpful and accommodating! ....and they have 3 wonderful massage therapist :)
Cartel Coffee is a tasty diamond in the rough. Since moving to Phoenix, I have been rather unimpressed with the food and drink of this town. The coffee at Cartel is quite unique from other options in the area, with complicated flavors and delightfully different beans. It is kind of like the first time I drank really great wine.
There are so many good options for coffee now in downtown but for me, Cartel is the best of the best. They have a good selection of brews(particularly some really interesting choices from Costa Rica and Nicaragua)and an awesome breakfast and lunch menu. And the atmosphere is really cool. What also stands out to me is the service. I always get my Americano served up by a big smile and a "How's your day going?" Definitely no coffee snob attitude here and I love it.
If you're looking for great coffee in downtown Phoenix, this is it. Americano, Iced Toddy, Mocha latte, all on par! There are many good coffee shops down here, I think others have better pastries, but Cartel has the best coffee beans! Smooth & true to the coffee taste buds. Their breakfast burritos are insanely delish. I also like the view out the windows of U.S. Airway & City Scape, plus it's never been crowded when I'm here!
The employees here are cool as heck! We came here after going to Comedy Live at like 9pm and no one was there, an hour before closing and not only did we get a nice cup of joe, we got to know another decent human being. Sean was the manager that night and he was way cool...I think his name was Sean...and if it isn't then I know he is cool enough to forgive me. I got their Chai, it was great. I won't hold it against them that the their menu called it Chai Tea, which is redundant because in Hindi Chai means tea. So we are calling it "Tea Tea" Now you made me say something dirty. Haha, get it "Tea Tea" Don't judge me.
Coffee is boss. Go there when you want damn good coffee and food.
Cool little place to chill on a Saturday morning. Great coffee, and the coconut scone was delicious.
Excellent, cheap and friendly!!!! I love this place.Have been going here for a few years. Not much to look at, but clean, delicious and amazingly cheap! I have had many of the dishes and they are all great. They don't drench the food in sauce. There are warmers at the condiment area that have sauces. The egg rolls are large and crispy. They have pickled ginger at the condiment counter ( I could eat it by the bucket- full!). If you get food to go, they put the sauce in a container so the food does not get soggy and you can have as much or as little sauce as you desire. The veges are freshly cooked and still have texture. Everything seems to be freshly prepared. Delicious!!!
The new, if she is 'new', she introduced herself as new, deli cook is AMAZING. They take things from the produce section and make wonderful recipes! The kale salad with watermelon radishes that most people don't know what do with, with this tarragon dressing, out of this world! And fish tacos, and salmon with crab! And Parmesan potatoes and baby broccoli, on a Friday night and have fun! Ty! She is the best chef...should be working at AJs if nothing else. We are lucky to have her.
I've driven by Pasta and Sugo at least twice a week for the past few months and finally went in for lunch today. Why did I wait so long?? The employee and owner were both kind, courteous, and hospitable, and the food was AMAZING. You can't beat a hearty lunch of homemade pasta and sauce for $4.99, and I could only eat half of mine! I'll definitely be going back.
I have only had one massage done by another guy which I did not relax or enjoy. Generally I am not comfortable with a guy giving me a massage. I have been following John on Twitter for about two years and decided to give it a shot when he offered again, like many times, to help me with my neck. John first invites you into his home and keep a comfortable distance from you and asks several questions about your lifestyle so he can get a feel of what treatment he needs to provide. (It can be odd knowing you're going to a man's house being a woman for a massage!) His studio is next to his home, which is beautifully done and very clean. The environment is relaxing and professional. I felt completely grounded after my massage and my body alignment was perfect. I was very pleased and was completely relaxed and had one of the best nights of sleep I've had in a long time. This will not be your usual massage and I highly recommend. Looking forward to my next "planned" massage from John! Like Nike - Do it.
When selecting 5 stars in a Yelp review, a message displays, reading "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" That pretty much sums up my experience with John at Space Massage Studio. When I discovered John, I was in tremendous pain. I was seeing a physical therapist daily for recent knee surgery and he was unable to deliver any relief whatsoever. Even though I am a longtime software engineer and sit at a computer for hours on end, I had never experienced upper back spasms of this magnitude and duration. I knew my body was trying to tell me something, so I decided to seek out a serious massage therapist. While I love the services that I have received over the years at various spas in the Valley, I knew that I needed someone who could take the time and truly devote his or her focus to my individual needs. The Yelp reviews could not have been more accurate. My first meeting with John felt like a therapy session. In an effort for John to better understand the unique impact that my environment and routine have on my body, we first discussed all my interests and habits. He listened carefully and formulated my service to address my specific needs. It was easily the best massage of my life and I wanted to cry when it was over. The studio is bright and airy, contrasted with the softly lit and therapeutic ambiance of the treatment room. He uses heated towels and a heated bed, which you can tailor to your individual taste. John is open to tailoring virtually every aspect of your service to ensure your comfort and satisfaction. I have since enjoyed 2 more massages since my initial meeting and after 3 weeks, I am pain free! Each session, John has tried a new technique with me, based on how my body has responded to the previous sessions. He has also discussed various methods, aside from massage, for keeping me pain free. He has a wealth of holistic advice and knowledge and is never pushy or judgmental. If you are looking for an expert massage therapist, who will give your body the unique attention that it deserves, you must visit John at Space Massage Studio. As you can see from the many other reviews, he is popular and beloved, but he has a way of making you feel like you are his most important client of the day. A true pro!
Attended a Meetup group here last week. I was very impressed with the service and the very tasty wine selection during the tasting. I scheduled a meetup here for March and I know it will be wonderful.
I have used the services of both locations (the other being Tempe). The service was consistent at the Phoenix office with that of which I received in Tempe: Awesome. My review for the Tempe location I believe can directly apply here. So, as all great men do, I will quote myself: "THINK! is the place to go in the Phoenix Metro for your printing needs. I have used them in the past and was extremely satisfied by the fast service, great pricing, and multiple options available to me. On top of the superb product offerings they provide top notch customer service. I will definitely use them again, and would highly recommend them to anyone. I have used THINK! on several occasions and the level of service and product have been consistently awesome."
Such a great place to spend a night, drinking a beer or glass of wine with close friends. Yummy food, great servers!
Yum! One of my new favorite restaurants! Main Ingredient is a literally a house you walk into for a delicious meals. Is it really home cooked? Close enough my friends. I came here for lunch and ordered the BLT sandwich. I'm not much of a BLT sandwich guy but the thought of pork belly bacon raised my interest. Needless to say I was totally satisfied. Mmmmmm...The bacon wasn't too crispy and it didn't fall apart like most bacon would when you take a first bite. The avocado was a perfect match. My mouth is watering talking about this BLT sandwich haha! My friend order the Winner salad -- you can't go wrong with a name like that. Turkey, salami and hardboiled eggs. Seems pretty basis but definitely worth a try! Service was real good and my water was quick to fill. The place itself was full of different artworks. The front yard is the patio, but not enough sunlight hits it so I decided to sit indoors. However, I'm sure I'll come back someday to sit outdoors. HH all day Sunday! - Enjoy!
This may be my favorite week night restaurant. The olive appetizer is my favorite, and the best olives I've had in my life. Ever. I get the sandwich with roast beef, muenster cheese and horseradish pretty regularly and cannot eat it fast enough it's so good! They also have great craft beers on tap!
I have eaten here several times and have never been disappointed. The BLT is so good; especially since they use pork belly bacon! I love the chips and salsa and their different salads are wonderful. Plus, the prices are very reasonable.
This is my favorite neighborhood spot after moving into the midtown area of Phoenix just a couple months ago. It's quickly becoming a weekly hangout, especially since Monday boasts $2.50 drafts all night. The rotating tap currently is the Peach Ale from Four Peaks which is a personal favorite, so I've found myself walking on over to Main Ingredient more often. Everything on the menu I have tried has been scrumptious including, but not limited to their award-winning and decked-out hot dog, Jive Turkey sandwich and Baby Bleu salad, which goes amazing with the Peach Ale, just sayin'. Also, the turkey used here is roasted in-house. The other amazing thing about Main Ingredient is that they are pet-friendly. Bring your pups along and the friendly staff will put out a water bowl and make sure they're happy. My roommate's little Ruby Rue loves to lounge in the evening warmth as we throw back a couple beers, especially since she gets lots of love from friendly neighbors and staff.
I absolutely love restaurants that are converted from old houses--in my experience they always have such a comfortable feel and the food always seems fresh and delicious. The Main Ingredient definitely lived up to my expectations. The food is delicious, the ambiance is great, and the service is fast. The patio is optimal for a date or hangout with friends. Since it was full, though, my date and I instead enjoyed relaxing couch seating inside. Also a good choice, although we felt a bit short since we were sitting across from a few hightop tables. :) As this was my first visit, I've only tried a few things on the menu. But I can tell you that the artichoke dip is the best I've ever had. And the Jive Turkey sandwich is delicious. So is the lemonade--they offer free refills even though it's clearly homemade. Yum! With so many interesting sandwich combinations, I'm excited to go back and sample more items. I'd also love to bring some vegetarian friends--they had quite a few tasty looking meat-free options. My only complaint is that our waitress wasn't the friendliest. She wasn't rude, just seemed disinterested. The rest of the staff, however, was really polite. I could also forsee complaints arising from other patrons about the lack of parking available, but my date and I didn't mind walking off a few artichoke dip calories on the way back to the car.
Atmosphere- charming, converted house. Music- older hip hop, any band Q-Tip was in, some surprises. Two TVs, a localvore approach down to the draft beers, and the best BLT around. Looking forward to returning!
I loved this place!!! We were exhausted from a day of hiking and wanted a relaxed patio to have dinner and a local tap. We started with chips and salsa. Homemade chips were perfect and the fresh salsa was amazing. I had the Jilt sandwich and my sister had the pork tacos, we both would have licked our plates had we not been in public. Excellent tap selection. This would be a favorite place of mine if I lived here!!!
The food here is excellent! My friends and I started with the olives. They had more of a buttery flavor than a salty flavor. Also, they have really tasty cocktails! I'm not sure which ones my friends got but they were all really good so I don't think you can go wrong here. I went with the green chile stew that came with two corn tortillas. It was really flavorful. It reminded me of something my parents would make at home. If you're sensitive to spicy foods then this might not be the dish for you. My waitress warned me when I ordered but I really like spicy foods so the green chile stew had the perfect amount of heat!
I'll keep this one simple. Do yourself a favor and hunt this truck down. I've had crepes from a street stand in Paris. TGF makes you feel like you never left (oppressive heat notwithstanding). I had my first experience with TGF today, just before they wrapped up. I had the People's Choice: a simple crepe jam-packed with Nutella, peanut butter, and bananas. It was perfectly cooked and absolutely delicious. Tack on their great pommes frites with the truffle oil ketchup and you have a serious winner. To top it off, Jeff hooked me up with a sample of his new custard creation which was absolutely fantastic. Friendly people, great food, and they're on wheels! Now to find a way to get them down to Mill Avenue, where I work...
I have a simple argument for why you should stop what you are doing right now and go find this food truck. Duck Fat Fries! Yeah, I'm sure I can stop right there. Game, set, match! You lose the debate, but win the lottery in taste. You need more convincing? Blasphemy!!! But okay, how about I blow your mind with a single word. NUTELLA!!! Oh, hey I'll wait a minute so you can recover your senses. That's right, low and behold they made nutella, banana, pecan filled crepes and it was good. Damn good! Push your mother over and step on her neck to get the last one good. My sister introduced me to this food truck at which I hold worship every week. And for this I owe her a kidney. RUN! don't walk to this food truck. P.S. - Tillamook cheese rules! And if sweet isn't your thing because your mother smoked when she was pregnant. Than they have you covered with their mouthwatering savory crepes too.
It started as a low vibration in my mouth. Then it became a little more of a low-volume Hum. Then my teeth started rattling, just a little bit. I went and looked in the mirror into my opened mouth, and it hit me as to what was happening. My taste buds were.....what?.....chanting......???? All I heard was tiny little echo of "We Are Not Worthy.....We Are Not Worthy" over and over again, building to a crescendo, then stopping abruptly. Then they took a low bow. This was right after eating the Mardi-Gras-inspired Comte ~ ham ~ celery root rmoulade crpe from TGF today. It was seriously one of the best things to ever cross my taste buds. This truck is worthy of the hype. Some aren't - but this one IS. I've still yet to get a taste of the duck fat fries - went too early once, and this time I was too late as they were sold out. Darnedest luck. Go out of your way to visit these nice folks and their other-worldly crpes. You will not be disappointed.
After arriving to the Hyatt in downtown Phoenix, I googled a nearby nail salon and up came "The Roose Parlour and Salon." I read some yelp reviews, called and got an appt for a mani and pedi that afternoon! I must say, it is urban chic and very cozy! COURTNEY gave me a fabulous mani and pedi! My toes enjoyed the sensory experience of warm stones and a very intense foot massage! COURTNEY is AJ's little sister and she is equally amazing at her craft! I would recommend "The Roost" to both men/women seeking a great mani/pedi. It's an unpretentious but chic salon with a talented crew.
Fantastic food, fantastic location, very very cool. Not too expensive, totally worth it. Does wonders for the poor Phoenix Downtown scene. I love it. Downtown love Have fun
I first went to a Pita Jungle over three years ago and wasn't impressed. Earlier this week, a friend and I met at the Downtown Phoenix location for my belated birthday dinner. Wow, has my opinion changed! Service was great. The ambiance was really comfortable. The food was delicious. What I appreciate most was our server's honesty. I went in knowing I wanted baklava. When I asked him if it was good, he said no. I asked if he just didn't like baklava or if it was truly not good. He said it was truly not good and recommended the carrot cake instead. It may sound inconsequential to be so impressed about someone's opinion on dessert selection, but I thought it was really cool. and the carrot cake? TO. DIE. FOR. Thank you, Anthony! I went back yesterday with my cousin for lunch. We arrived close to 12:30, at the height of the lunch rush. We went in, gave our names, and waited just a few minutes for a table. Again, service was great, even when we asked for extra pita, refills, or took forever to make up our minds. This place has quickly risen to the top of my favorites list!
Pita Jungle has really grown on me over the years and this location is a big reason why. Service is always great and friendly whether it's eatin' in or for take-away. The restaurant has a cool design and great views of the street in Roosevelt neighborhood. Back patio is sweet and large. I sometimes go on my own and sit on the patio side at the bar which is also nice. Everything I've tried on the menu is good and tasty. Lavosh pizzas are great, the Turkey Pesto Lavash Wrap is awesome, though I think it's pretty chintzy to charge for extra dressing (really, is it like made of gold???). Many good options for vegans and vegetarians too; the Lentil Fattoush Salad is a particularly good stand out. A great place to go for a healthy and affordable meal. Enjoy!
Loved the atmosphere of this restaurant, the service was great and the food delicious !
We have been to Pita Jungle probably 10 - 15 times since we moved to Phoenix. We have even tried a couple of other locations and the Roosevelt spot is defiantly the best. First of all, we love the patio. It really is a great place to chill on a weekend afternoon. Our favorites include the hummus, the gyro (they put a pickle in it!), salads and the Sharwarma wrap. We visited on New Years Day for lunch and it was great as usually. We tried the Lentil Soup (for good luck), and it definitely impressed. If I was going to give Pita Jungle a knock, I would bring up the service. The servers all seem like college kids and don't seem very experienced. When they get busy, the service usually starts to fall apart. We have had a few mediocre experiences here, but for the most part it has been great. I definitely recommend!
A little wait but awesome service. Great food & good price. Server was quick and efficient. She even gave us to-go cups of our unfinished drinks. She checked on us at the right times. Food was appealing to look at & full of flavor. Coworker had a small salad with chicken added. The chicken was a larger portion. My hummus & sirloin steak was so delicious.
Super service and scrumptious food! The greens are AMAZING! Very friendly people. Very clean, and I mean clean! I went here for my birthday and one of the customers serenaded me and I got to sign the wall! WooHoo!
QT is definitely a step up from the other well known "C" store. Their staff is so much more proffesional and courteous. The food is freshly made and offer a wide variety to chose from. This place is very clean and inviting. Gas is priced competitively too.
Shelly's lasagna is awesome.
I love thin crust pizza. I love eat even more when they don't skimp on the cheese, and this place does not! Wonderful staff, great prices, and I saw a free comedy show and the comedians were top quality pro comics. Definitely worth checking out.
La Condesa Gourmet Taco Shop After a long break from Yelp, I knew that eventually I would find myself in a situation where I could no longer hold my tongue, and my need to share would overpower my desire to remain silent. La Condesa GTS created just that situation. I entered this space wound tighter than a spring ready to pop. Surely there could be no way that it could meet the lofty expectations set forth by my fellow yelper's reviews. But there is something very pure about this place, and as I stepped through the over-sized wood door, I knew this southwest girl was home. The best way I can describe the atmosphere is Southwestern Minimalist. Monique H was dead on with her praises for the artwork - The Blue Demon (long live Alejandro Muoz Moreno) proudly intermingles with Diego and Frida and the acid treated floors feel natural. I also liked that this is clearly a community effort, with the art work provided by two exceptional Mexican artists (Manuel Gilavalos y Garcia and Ricardo Ramirez) and the furniture/dcor provided by Bellas Artes de Mexico. I love that there is already a partnership, holding this little gem up until it can take flight. The food is clean. The flavors crisp. The portions more than adequate, and the prices less than I would expect to pay for such quality. Most selections can come in the form of a taco, a quesadilla, or a burro, although there are one or two additional options under both the quesadilla and burro menus. Each flavor combination is clearly described and in a handful of situations, there are salsa suggestions outlined on the out of this world salsa bar. The best way I can describe this is to think of a wine pairing with a food that will make flavors pop... in other words, just try it because the sum of the parts is way better than the individual components! The Mayan Conchita Pibil and the Oaxacan Black Mole Chicken are two of the finest examples I've had of either. Both are mouth wateringly moist and fairly melt. I would suggest the Peanut or Mexican salsa as additional choices for the MCP for the spicy recommended habanera. The guacamole and cilantro salsas were both mild choices and if the mole were not already a mouthful of perfection, might be the additional layer of flavors that bring you to the tipping point. Personally, I found the pickled onions severed atop with some of the Jicama salsa, tossed in for a little crunch, just enough to make my eyes roll back in to my head. I mean seriously, if I could wiggle around naked in this stuff, it would be a really good night! The Aztec Tinga is deceptively simple. Your first bite may seem relatively ordinary, but then start the countdown. Within a few seconds, the flavors hit you like a wall of emotion. Your lips and tongue begin to tingle with the heat of the perfectly balanced peppers. My BIL has tried the Sonoran Carne Asada and was unusually quiet as he made his way through his plate, so I have to assume that was good as well. Finish things up with those out of the world beans, or some of the grilled Mexican Calabacitas and a meal just can't get much better. So much has already been said about the iconic salsa bar, there really isn't much I can add, except to say, try them all! You will find two or three that send you to your happy place. The staff was super friendly and more than ready to answer questions or make suggestions. It's an order at the counter and take-a-number kind of place, but you can generally expect several service passes through the dining room. My only cautions / suggestions would be to grab a takeout menu so you don't have to stand and look at the wall menu with your mouth gaping like a cod fish and be prepared to park along Palm if the street inset parking area is full. This is my new love. I will definitely be adding this in to the regular rotation. At a dinner plate with drink running you between 8 and 9 dollars (with enough food to make two decent sized meals) this is one indulgence I can fit in to my life with little or no rationalizing. Please take the time to check this place out and support yet another wonderful family owned business. Look around when you come in, because I may be joining Joel L on one of his weekly visits. : )
We got there...there was a wait...it was so crowded that some people had to stand to eat their food and it was soooo damn worth it. From the folk Mexican art depicting Santo and Freda Kahlo's uni-brow to the leather and rough wood La Condesa is as much a treat to the eyes as to the nose and mouth. We are so used to fiery Tex-Mex here in Arizona that it is hard to believe that there is another side to good Mexican food....a delicacy of flavor that counts on subtle textures and refreshing herbs and vegetables to cool our palates and the heat of Southwest days. I tried every one of the salsas available on Saturday and I can still taste the peanut salsa while I dream of the strawberry salsa (and the cilantro cream salsa and the chipotle...you get the picture). We split the dogfish and carne asada tacos along with a mahi burrito and were too stuffed to make our way any farther down the menu, guaranteeing we'll be back for more. Any complaints? Only the smallest of one....I actually prefer water to soft drinks with my meals and appreciate a reasonably sized cup (I promise I won't steal the Coke). I was given an 8oz styro cup filled with ice, necessitating several trips to the counter to ask for more. Totally rediculous since the soft drink dispenser is behind the counter and I couldn't rip them off if I wanted to ;-) ....and yet another styro cup waiting over a thousand years to biodegrade in a landfill. La Condesa is what a good taqueria should be, just make sure to weedle a paper cup out of the cashier if you quieres agua.
Slow roasted pork burros!!!
The tacos here are to die for.. The dogfish shark tacos rock.. The salsa bar is absolutely insane, lots of real spicy options.. Kitchy, inexpensive, I feel a must for locals to take your tourists as that "hole in the wall" place with some real spunk and guster..Pack some heat.. Its the Ghetto:)
Thank you yelpers! I was searching for mexican late at night and was really craving something authentic. I struck gold with La Condesa. It is a true diamond in the rough part of phoenix. I ordered the carne asada burrito which is simply meat and beans. Anywhere else that would be boring and plain, but it was seasoned perfectly and full of flavor. A perfect vessel for the salsa bar from heaven. Every bite was different depending on what spicy concoction I chose. I also couldn't resist trying the maya conchita pibil taco, which was packed full of juicy shredded pork. So juicy in fact that I had to eat it quick because the corn tortillas were getting a bit soggy. Did I mind? Oh no. I just sopped up any juice left and sighed with pure contentment. They topped the taco with nothing else but pickled red onions that were delicious. Simple done right. Can't wait to go back and get that horchata!
There really are few words to describe how perfect the food is, how delectable the salas are, how great the waitstaff is, and how awesome the vibe is. Sufficeth to say, we come here at least twice a month (we have to hold ourselves back!). Since my husband's from SoCal and I'm a born and bred Austinite, we both grew up eating delicious Mexican food. But I have to say that La Condesa truly beats out even my favorite spots in San Diego or Austin (sorry, hometown! you still have the best migas!). They are truly Taco Royalty. Our favorite tacos: Mayan Cochinita Pibil, Arrachera (carne asada), the El Guacho, and the shark taco. Also, you must try their margaritas and horchata!
My co-worker walked in from lunch the other day with their horchata and I liked the bit I had so much I demanded to know where it was from. It took a bit for me to get used to the sheer number of salsas they had available, but once I got comfortable trying things (I was afraid I might burn my tongue off accidentally) I was hooked! I'd recommend the peanut salsa to anyone. It was some seriously good sauce.
This place just keeps getting better and better. They have updated their menu which now includes red and green chili. I tried the red chili and it was amazing and truly unique. Also, great margaritas! Still one of my favorite places!
The salsas in the salsa bar are uncommon and exciting, but satisfying, without filling you up. This is great way to start the meal. There are many favorite tacos of mine at this place. Cochinita Pibil is a must. Beer-battered seafood tacos, whatever the kind, are always a success. Whether you drink booze or not, you will be happy beverage-wise (Horchata with fruit/nuts! Strong Margaritas!) Go there!
Beau and I enjoyed a burrito and fried tortilla with chicken mole this past weekend. Ate late and avoided the dinner rush - there will be one for many a nite! Loved, loved the tasty salsa bar and down home service. Thank you La Condesa.
The salsa bar is worth writing sonnets about. Mayan Cochinita Pibil Taco with cilantro salsa might be the only thing I eat for the rest of my life.
Thanks to Yelp I discovered this Amazing Taco gem on the way to a meeting down town. La Condesa has a great salsa bar. The margaritas are tasty too! Love the selection of tacos on the menu. The tacos were so delicious that when I started eating, I texted my husband to go there on his way home from work. Luckily he made it there before I had to take off to my meeting, and agrees, the food is amazing. The carnitas is my favorite. I cannot wait to go again.
We just got off the plane from Kansas City and needed to eat quickly. We looked on Yelp and found this amazing place. We loved the salsa bar and the three different tacos we had. All we can say is "WOW"!! We now wish they would come to KC.
SOOOO thrilled to find this place! The food is excellent - not the heavy cheese-laden Sonoran style that the Phoenix market is used to, but a lighter, more flavorful Mexican style. Lots of things to choose from on the menu. Loved my chicken mole burro. Margs were delicious and I cannot wait to do happy hour there - an afternoon of $3 margaritas and the amazing salsa bar with a great variety of salsas. I particularly liked the pecan, peanut, and chile arbol salsas, although they were all really, really good. If you love horchata, you'll love the one here.
Great place! Breakfast lunch and dinner. It has a small grocery for you to get middle eastern delights. They do some of there own pastries and it was delicious. We had something that came with honey on top and served warm. I'm unsure of the spelling but highly recommend it!
I am addicted to the Bean Burro, to the tune of once a week. This is also in my neighborhood, so I want to support them as much as I can. This food is NOT fast-food Mexican, nor is it typical greasy Sonoran. The menu is small, but tasty. In addition to the bean burro, I highly recommend the ceviche (weekends), the carne asada, and the salsas. For a more genuine experience, order a Margarita, Mexican coke, or one of the fruit drinks made fresh on the premises. Sit outside, enjoy the weather, bob your head to the music, and all will be well....I promise.
Definitely the best carne asada tacos in town. Have recommended this place to several friends and no one has been disappointed.
I'm addicted to the simple bean and cheese burritos, homemade, no crap in them and everything a bean and cheesier should be. I need to wean myself from having too many, I don't want to get sick of them ...savor the love. I've had the carne Asada and Pastor Taco's both are ridiculously yummy as well.
Butter Burger and the milkshakes Their in house root beer is pretty good too
I LOVE CULVER'S!!!! It's from the midwest. I had not tried Culver's until I met my now husband(he's from Illinois), who introduced me to this awesome place. Since that first meeting, I was hooked. Now locations are popping up everywhere. I love it. They are best known for their Butter Burgers and their Custard. Me, personally, I will go there just for the custard. I recommend a small or medium chocolate custard concrete mixer with brownie pieces. Yummy!!! Don't get a large, because that is way too much, you'll get a tummy ache. If ever I'm feeling down, I will always turn to Culver's. Their butter burgers are good as well. Low fat and low in calories....Yeah right. But they sure are tasty. My friend is from Wisconsin and will go here just for the cheese curds. Culver's is a place to go once in awhile as a treat to yourself, because the prices are little on the high side. Besides you don't want to spoil yourself too much, otherwise you might lose appreciation for it. Definitely go here.
Very good burger and cheese curds. The ice cream/custard is the main attraction for me, however. It is just awesome.
My husband surprised me with the promise of a new kitten for Christmas. I looked at several online sites for adoption, saw a beautiful kitten on the AZ Humane Society website, and her description made me think she would be a good fit for our family. She was located at the Petique site in the Biltmore. We had the best experience! The kitten was there with her description of her " purrsonality", and the volunteers were so friendly and very helpful. They let us play with her and get to know her in a private room. When we decided to adopt her, they made the process so easy, and seemed so genuinely happy that we were adopting her. Thanks to all the wonderful volunteers and staff, and a big thank you to the kitty Shakira ( now named Slinky or Lil' Bit) foster mom who nursed her back to health after a kitty cold made her unadoptable! I recommend this site wholeheartedly, wonderful experience! We now have a great kitten addition to our family who came to us socialized, spayed and healthy, and we and our two dogs are in love with her.
I am new to the area and this is what I call a local neighborhood bar. They have new TV's so watching the games over there is a blast. The food is really good as well as super affordable. If you are looking for a nice little bar to kick back at, look no further.
Love this location! Andy in service always goes above and beyond any customer service standards!
Crazy new I8 on the showroom floor. Awesome car. May have to break the piggy bank for this one.
I have been taking my daughter here for over a year, she started out at the kindergym and has liked it so much she has moved up to the Rec classes. She loves it, and I do too. Everything is great about it, the staff is friendly, and helpful. The coaches love doing what they do. New equipment. Feels like you belong to a family. Pricing is reasonable, when I shopped around it was the same pricing as others. Worth the extra few dollars for a better gym, and coaches!
WHAT??!!!??!?!! I am NOT a fan of Wal-Mart. In fact, I avoid them like the plague. So not only am I uncharacteristically championing a Wal-Mart, I am befuddled by the negative reviews on the ONE Wal-Mart I actually frequent. Hmmm.... Here's what I like: You Get In. You Get Out. There's not a litany of overhead announcements. There are not piles of crap filling end-caps, so it's easy to get from Point A to Point B. When you are ready to leave, you are beckoned by a cashier to their lane if they think you don't see them open. They may even be mind-readers. Once during a necessary grocery run at Thanksgiving shopping time, the manager saw me looking at the mayhem which was tons o' people ready to check out at once. He grabbed the front of my cart and guided me to a lane about to be opened. Perhaps he sensed my desire to ditch my cart and run. Maybe he remembers me from another store in the past where I have ditched my cart and run. Or remembers me from when I've walked in to other insanely busy stores, looked around, and walked out again. No matter, he anticipated my impending freak-out moment and helped. Thank you! This is NOT a SuperStore. It is a MINIMALIST Wal-Mart, which was the compromise between the neighbors that fought its very existence here (I admit to being one of those), and Wal-Mart corporate. This is primarily a Wal-Mart grocery store, with a smattering of all things Wal-Mart, except on a smaller scale. Nothing gourmet or fancy, but some ber competitive pricing which is hard to beat in a down economy combined with a great loss of income. Alert- NO Plant Nursery area! Yes, many of the employees are not natural born citizens. That doesn't compromise my experience here. I have never struggled with communication with any of them. Many employees are long-term: they recognize you and are friendly. I even ran a litmus-test of sorts on this store, with another Wal-Mart doubter. I took my daughter, who historically regrets any Wal-Mart visit. I didn't say a word to her about how this was the only Wal-Mart I could bear. Just made her run errands with me, this one on the list. We got in. We got out. No one got hurt. As we went to the car she said something to the effect of "I hate to admit it, but that's a nice Wal-Mart". BAM! If you are looking for the usual Wal-Mart grocery selection without the drama of a 5-mile hike, 20 minute waits, strangely void of the usual suspects (see peopleofwalmart.com ); no screaming children in diapers lying in the aisle-ways, an unintelligible announcements, this is your store. If you are looking for a decent Super-Walmart with all the trimmings, minus those said annoyances, go to NorthSight location.
No matter what your fitness goals are, Physiques' Gym is the vessel that will get you there.
Multiple shipping services available, friendly employees, fast service, products available. I love not having to stand in line for 15-20 minutes at the Post Office! The UPS Store offers a variety of shipping options and will help you find the cheapest option. I've been in there probably four-five times in the last two years, and every employee has been very friendly and helpful. They also sell cards, supplies, poster tubes, etc.
I have been going to this nail shop for about a year. I usually go to Jan but, on occation I have had Van take care of my Pedicure. I always make an appointment & have never had to wait past my appt. time. All the women that work for Julie are very professional I enjoy getting a chair massage while Jan is working on me. What more could you ask for, pleasant atsmophere, well done services & a freindly tec. I will continue to go here.
The selection of books is amazing you can't beat the deals either. I got 5 books for 10 bucks. Also found some great movies as well. Recommend this place to everyone. Staff is very nice and helpful.
Jeff has done exceptional service for me over the years and has always been fair and courteous. He has changed the locks on my rental homes numerous times and I have never had a problem. He does quality work at an affordable price and takes great pride in his work. p.s. I think the review by Amanda is for a different A-1 locksmith company (there are a few other A-1 companies that come up when you do a search.) Her comments are very uncharacteristic of Jeff and his company which leads me to believe she wrote a review about the wrong company.
Love this salon! So clean! My hair always turns out amazing and the atmosphere is great. I would recommend to everyone!
The good news and bad news of not needing a lot of home maintenance (though it will start to pick up, I'm sure) is that when something is needed the tedious process of checking out services begins. My wife and I are so fortunate to have been introduced to Jerry at Cobra. Yesterday, I made the call and he was so responsive and dependable. He came to our house in the time frame that was promised (already a stellar move) and performed the work that was needed. He is thorough, makes great suggestions (not trying to upsell) and then follows up with a proper inspection of all related operations. For those who already know about this contractor, this is not news. For those who are praying that "Fix-It" will provide good people (and I have been one of those), I would encourage you to check out Jerry at Cobra! Dr, B
Love this place! Good neck and shoulder massage too. It's super busy though so make an appointment if you don't want to wait. Great customer service.
I have been going here for several years now and I love it. They are very clean never had any issues with that. Their pricing is right on not over charging by any means. The pedicure could be way more than they charge (35) its easily worth 50. My nails always look amazing. I can never choose what I want to do so I always say whatever you want and they have done awesome art work on them.
Julie and Tia have created a comfortable, fashionable cozy studio in the Landmark. I have been seeing them for about a year now, sent friends, family and purchased gift certificates for services for people I love. I highly recommend The Phoenix Studio!
This is not the closest Subway to where I live but I've started going here because they consistently are more generous with the toppings than the other two I occasionally go to.
We went opening weekend, but it wasn't too crowded (there were a lot of ppl though) so I want to give it 5 stars so that people go to museums more often! It's a big place, with different (BIG) rooms featuring instruments from almost every country in the world along with videos of how the instruments are played, along with some historical cultural facts. They give you these headphones that automatically play sound clips when you're within range of the lcd, which was really cool. It's also free of charge, which is nice since I know most places would charge like $10 for it. The architecture of the building is great, and there is a courtyard to sit out and look at the phoenix guitar shaped sculpture made while listening to some worldy musician perform. My favorite room was the "experiment" room, where they have bunch of instruments featured within the museum that you can play yourself, including guitars, maraccas, a giant gong, hand drums, xylophones, and this weird contraption that changes pitch as you move your hands along it. That is a must see room and we spent a good amount of time in that room. We were in the museum for probably a little over 2 hours, and saw everything. They don't give student discounts, but it's only $15, less for seniors and kids of course. I think it's worth it to check out and appreciate music a little more =)
Worth going. A musical trip around the world. Very helpful audio accompaniment as well.
Fantastic history & display of thousands of musical instruments Wireless audio devices for each guest for the innumerable video monitors that have snippets for music HIGHLIGHT: Play, touch, or bang on several instruments e.g. harps, taiko drum HIGHLIGHT: Musical instruments for almost every country of the world Other fun exhibits e.g., Steinway piano, Theremin, nickelodeon Nice cafeteria with healthy choices
Quite simply next to THE MET in NYC this is the 2nd best museum I have EVER been to. Now that is saying a lot because I am not a huge fan of Museums of any kind....but this Gem in Phoenix is one of kind and I am certainly glad I had the pleasure of visiting it. I don't know where to begin or end with this review but they say a picture is worth a THOUSAND words well if I can get my pics to download properly please take a look at them and you will fully understand how great this museum is. If I can't download them then let me just say they have Musical Instruments in this establishment from more than 250 countries.....and it will take you more than a day to really appreciate every room in this place. Not to mention it has a cafe....a lab where the instruments are cleaned.....an area to actually play some of the instruments yourself......John Lennon's piano....and Eric Clapton's Guitar. They also give you complimentary wireless walkman and headsets so as you walk up to a display you hear the music for that individual country. There are also video displays that match the music your listening to...so you can understand the culture and feel of the music. This is just simply a wonderful oasis of music here in the valley of the sun and it is not to be missed if your visiting this area. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
Being a former band nerd in high school, so much nostalgia kicked in upon entering the museum. I saw all the instruments I was familiar with in high school, and many others that I wasn't familiar with (and learned much about). They supply you with headphones and a wireless receiver that plays the audio/video of the different sections you walk into. Each plays a sample of what the instruments sound like and some give detailed history on the instrument. Very enlightening experience. Best Part IMO: They have a room where you get to test random instruments to your heart's content! I really wanted to go ham on the gong but there was a sign that said something along the lines of "do not hit the gong repeatedly". I was disappoint... but otherwise many other instruments in there kept me occupied for awhile (xylophone, conga, harp, etc) It's not an arm and a leg to get inside, and this place has something for everybody. You're sure to spend a few hours enjoying yourself here. If you're going to do anything in Phoenix, this is one of the spots you should definitely check out.
We were lucky enough to get free tickets here so we took our 3 young children. I was surprised at how big this museum was! Huge, open and beautifully decorated halls and several different large sections for every continent in the world. Each large area was divided into smaller sections displaying musical instruments, artwork and artifacts from countries all across the globe. I was nervous that our kids were too young to enjoy this museum but they all had a fabulous time, even our 3 year old. We were all given head phones attached to a small pack which clipped onto our belt by a friendly girl behind the counter when we arrived. She explained to us that we needed to do nothing in order to work them and that they would automatically play the music when we stood by the different displays. The kids loved this! The room with all of the many interesting musical instruments that you could pick up and play was a huge hit w the kiddos! I can't wait to go back w my husband for a date night especially since they have a large cafe/wine bar ;)
What a wonderful surprise. Don't go unless you are rested, 'cause there is so much to see and hear. Do part of it, have a snack and regroup to finish it. Don't miss this one, it is worth every penny. Also went to the musical concert, and the theater is great, every seat a good one. If l lived in Scottsdale, I'd be to as many as I could get to. Also, if I lived in Scottsdale, I would make sure any visitors I had were taken here.
Great venue to see a concert!!! I have never been to MIM ....heard great things about the actual museum, but did not realized they had a concert hall. I am a new fan of Spencer Day...just happen to look on his website and holy moly coming to PHX. I would not of pick a better venue to see him or any intimate concert. The whole setup of the concert hall is awesome. Every seat in the house is a great seat and the acoustics in the hall is unbelievable. Spencer had a 3 piece band including a drummer and the quality of the sound was amazing. One last final touch....Spencer came out after the concert to sign his CD's and talked with everyone who waited for him. Having the MIM sponsor such an event was great. I will come back and check out the museum. This will be one of my favorite concert venues in the future. I would recommend signing up for their concert info hopefully one of your favorite artist will perform and you too can have a great experience.
A world class museum right in N Phoenix. The place for world class concerts, outstanding food and great displays. 2 hours here is barely enough to scratch the surface. Having Rock Hall of Fame touring exhibits now will really bring the museum to another level.
Great place for a little over weekend get away, there you see multi culture music and very relexing atemsphare. The music and the tourist number is just right, not too crouded. Thumb up MIM!
I have nothing but good things to say about this place. I came here for the first time with my mom around 3 and I definitely had an awesome time. The museum is very easy to find and there is tons of parking. I definitely recommend going during the weekday since parking will be easier to find and it won't be as crowded as the weekends i'm sure are. For two people it was $35 for just the general admission. The museum is literally so so big inside and there is so much stuff to see so I recommend giving yourself a good 1-2 hours just to look around there is that much stuff. The museum itself is really nice and modern inside and super bright and airy. It is not freezing like other museums which I liked. The git shop inside looked huge and am glad they have one because the stuff inside looked cool. They also have a cafe inside and a huge outdoor area before you walk in to just hang out at or to eat something from the cafe at. We finished looking at everything so purse the tickets to the Women Who Rock area which was $14 for us two. It was super cool inside and am so glad we got to go before it ended. Overall I loved my visit here, the prices were surprisingly cheap for a museum, all the stuff inside was so beautifully shown and everything was amazing. I definitely recommend coming here if you area a local or just visiting Arizona!
I was very skeptical of this place after my aunt suggested it. Don't get me wrong - I love music, but how interesting can a museum full of instruments be? Sure there are a thousand different ways to make music, but most of them I don't really care about, right? And how do you convey the knowledge of sound and music to someone through an exhibit in a museum? Well... this place is awesome. They give you a headset (which is clean), and a receiver, and as you walk up to each exhibit it plays you a clip or 4 that pertain to that particular instrument, artist, or exhibit. Usually there is a bit playing on a TV that goes along with it, so over the course of an hour, you're watching 20 different clips about tribal dances, Alice Cooper, how pianos are made - whatever. It works really well, so it quickly becomes very seamless and immersive to experience each exhibit. This is a great place to take a 6-year-old, because it has a room where they can play, hands-on, with a variety of drums, xylophones, mechanical pianos, etc., but the main part of the museum is entertaining enough that a child seeking knowledge can entertain themselves for hours. Speaking of hours, I think this is the kind of place you honestly need 2 days to fully explore. Again, I was skeptical when people told me that, but it's true - unless you just walk through and ignore the clips playing, you're looking at spending two 4-hour days to get through the bulk of it.
I LOVE the red chilaquiles, serves with a side of rice & beans, and topped off with a fried egg. The green chilaquiles are also equally delicious. Also a great place to find tacos, specially the "tripitas", which are very well cooked, crunchy, and in all of its yummy goodness. Very delicious menudo, remedy for a killer hangover. All though rather small but very clean (bathroom included), you walk in and feel right at home with its great service.
I came here upon the referral of a good friend who had INCREDIBLE nail designs all of the time. Lien is the SH*T! To begin with, I was a bit early and Lien was right there ready for me. She got right to business, asking what ideas I had in mind- when I told her 4th of July, so was so excited! No one had asked for 4th of July yet (come on people, by a patriot!!). I showed her some ideas off of Pinterest, and there was nothing she couldn't do. Lien spent about 2 hours on just my manicure, and while it could have been because it was a slow Tuesday, I think it was because she really just wanted to take her time and do things right. She gave me a great shape on my nails, trimmed my cuticles perfectly and got to work on the polish. It is obvious she takes great pride in her work, because she constantly stopped to check to make sure everything was perfect. Lien worked incredibly hard on my nails, and I still can not believe how cool they turned out! I have a manicurist already that I will be returning to wen I get a normal mani/pedi, but whenever I want nail designs, I will definitely be coming to see Lien! -Only downside was the price. $45 for a gel mani with designs. However, she literally painted a masterpiece on my nails, so I think it was totally worth it! Thanks Lien!!
Thats some good paint.
Called office as a new patient with an a wisdom tooth problem. They said they could get me in that same day and even called later to say I could come in earlier if able! The office staff were very friendly and Dr. Cavendish was a really nice guy. Unfortunately my problem was one that had to be handled by an oral surgeon...but they worked their magic and even though it was already 4pm was able to get me in to see one that same day :) I have been looking for a new dentist, and thanks to an emergency visit I think I have found one!
I have found a Dentist! Havent been to a dentist in a few years- no insurance- so I called a bunch of places for a resonable consult- Dr. Cavendish does consults for free- I only paid $26.00 for a couple of x-rays. I II got a same day appointment and when I got there I was only in the very nice waiting area 2 minutes before they called me in to be seated. The quote as to deal with said tooth was very resonable. Doctor Cavendish is super pleasant, and takes time to explain all options etc. I can't say enough about his wonderful front and back office staff. Great experience, and I will go back!
Valley Maids was a lifesaver for me. My Mom in Sun City recently had surgery and I hired Valley Maids to clean her house while she recuperated. Valley Maids did a fantastic job and my Mom raved about them, and believe me, my Mom is one tough person to please. They sent over a wonderful cleaning lady named Deni who was very professional and even made my Mom a sandwich and a cup of tea. I was very happy to know that my Mom did not have to worry about cleaning the house and could focus instead on just getting better from her surgery. Then, when I went to visit my Mom I was thrilled to see how clean Valley Maids was able to make her home. In fact, Mom's house has never looked cleaner. I guess Mom's eyesight isn't what it used to be, so now instead of Mom cleaning the house I have arranged for Valley Maids to come clean Mom's house every week from now on. Overall a very good experience with Valley Maids. When you book your appointment, be sure to ask for Deni! She is the best!
This store is the only Nail salon I will ever go too. Tim has been doing my nails for over 3 years now and his wife Kim is amazing too! They know how to take care of their customers and are vary professional. I love this place!
This place is amazing. I went in with 11 of my friends to find baby sex and to have our baby's first 4d ultrasound. The image is very clear and they told me I was having a girl which I later confirmed with my doctor. Went in at 16 weeks. We did the $79 package which in my opinion is the best one. They accommodate all of us comfortably and the experience lasted about 15 minutes maybe a little less. I think the location is a little off because the people that were outside looked a little weird I don't know what they were waiting for but I think this place is about right for the price and quality. I would definitely recommend it to my friends it was a nice experience. They have a huge salon to accommodate your guests although when we just got there it was a bit snug don't let that fool you. Overall it was a good experience we'll be coming back later in my pregnancy as they gave me a discount ticket. Good place and fair price where everywhere else was really expensive. I would recommend it to my friends. The technician was knowledgable and nice too.
When we were looking to buy patio furniture we heard time and time again how cheap big box store furniture was so we began looking for an alternative. We found exactly what we wanted with Az Iron Furniture. High quality furniture that will last a lifetime, seriously! This stuff is heavy duty and all of their fabrics are Sunbrella. We loved the options that we had and there was never any pressure to buy. The owners dad runs the Scottsdale office, which is were we went as it was closest to our home, and he is super nice. We love our furniture!
This doesn't just pertain to this QT location. I own a cheap body shop, so I spend a lot of time driving around for my job. I'm in and out of my car constantly giving estimates, etc. I get extremely hot and thirsty, particularly by the end of the day. I also go through a lot of gas driving all over the Valley. When I need gas or a cold icy drink, I search for a QT. First of all, their gas prices are always amongst the lowest, if not the lowest around Phoenix. And second, they have great frozen drinks. My personal favorite is a combo sandwich of Coke, white cherry and a little more Coke. The prices are low even when they're not running a special. I go for the 44 ouncer. But a few more things. Each QT, no matter where it is, seems clean and pleasant. I get greeted and taken care of very politely. The same can not always be said for places like Circle K. Once I injured myself playing baseball and they hooked me up with a big bag of ice for the drive home. I just like the company. Without exception, each time in has been a safe and positive experience. Trust it for a clean bathroom or a safe place to stop if you ever need to.
Nathan was punctual, professional and very reasonably priced. We had our new house completely re-keyed. In 40 minutes all of the locks were re-keyed, the locks were locking and unlocking better than before and duplicate keys made. I would not hesitate to use United Lock Service again.
I am a person who really enjoys spa treatments, so when I say this is the best facial around, I mean it. I have mild rosacea, and because I was taking a medication, it got WAY worse. I had acne on my cheeks and neck, which is not a problem I had ever had. You won't believe this, so I hope you are sitting down....Michelle gave me a facial and an LED light treatment and my skin was almost completely healed the next day. I had been trying to clear this up on my own for about a month. It was unbelievable. If you have rosacea, sensitive skin, or acne, you have to try this. The reports about how nice Michelle is are correct. She does a really good job of massaging you while masks dry, etc. She is very attentive and service-oriented. For example, she is always rubbing hands, arms, or feet in addition to your face. The table is very comfortable, sheets are high-quality and smell very spa-like with nice music in the background. Not only will your face look good, but it's a very enjoyable experience. I would go every day if I could. I highly recommend this place. Two thumbs up for sure.
On time came out for me in August 2008 after Sonora Air ("Premier Dealer for Lennox")said it would take 3 days to fix my air handler that was under warranty. On time HVAC came out, fixed the problem right away (the same day)and charged what my service call would have been for Sonoran.Everyone there is friendly, polite and HONEST. Totally comfortable calling them again this morning-AC is out. Called at 8:30 and tech to be here between 11am-1pm. I am scared to tell too many people or the service times might drop ;) TOTALLY 100% satisfied. UPDATE:the Tech Jeremy just left, he was the same Tech last time too. Fan motor was bad and because I have a Lennox, not a convenient fix in Surprise as the parts dealer is in S.Phoenix. Jeremy assessed it very quickly, left to go to part warehouse and upon return had it in and running in about 15 minutes. I could have waited and got the part shipped to me for around $275, waited for my brother to get around to it and baked my ass off, but Jeremy told me it was under warranty, so for $65 more that just the parts cost , he changed it out. Not too bad considering I am in a time crunch. Thank you On Time, maybe change your name to On time -Save Time? lol
I love this place! The atmosphere is great and everyone is so sweet. Laurie Roth is the best! Show her a picture and she will cut and/or dye your hair exactly the way the picture is. She can do anything. Definitely getting my hair done by her as long as she's in business! Her prices are also very reasonable. Krystal Lynn is also the best nail tech for detailed nail designs.
The best tattoo shop ever.
I have 3 tattoos, all done by Dub Weir. I'm a retired professional who had to dress and otherwise look the part my entire adult life. I don't need to do that anymore. I met Dub because I met his wife and admired her tattoo which, of course, he did. It's a piece of artwork I would display on my wall. And I show off his work on my body as i would any valuable piece of art in my home. I went to the shop for a consult and was really quite astonished. My daughter and son-in-law were involved with tattooing and body piercing for many years and I have been in many shops. In spite of this family connection, I would not let anyone in any of those places touch me. So, I think that I speak as someone with perhaps a bit more experience in the field than most. Divinity is an art studio. And the work they do is artwork. Each artist paints, or draws, or sculpts, as well as tattoos and their work is displayed all over an immaculately clean shop. And sterility is a priority. The very first tattoo Dub did for me was not the first we planned. I ended up in the ER one day and my living will was tossed and completely ignored. It specifies DNR but they would have kept me alive, even if I was a vegetable...precisely the reason for the DNR order in my living will. So, in the middle of my chest, anyone who attempts CPR will see a 3 by 3 heart with a hand over it and the words DO NOT RESUSCITATE in black capital letters below. I came back from the dead once after an auto accident and I'm not doing that again. The second tattoo is a parody of my Irish Family Crest ( I hold dual citizenship. ) the third is an as yet unfinished sleeve of all the animals who have graced my life. I want to honor them all. Thus far, my right arm has a beautifully arranged, virtually photographic representation of my horse, my first Service Dog - who died after being hit by a truck - my current Service Dog, a female parakeet, named James, and a rescued lab guinea pig named Bob. If I live long enough, my arm will be full.
Two words... ALEX ROCKS! I came in today to get a memorial tattoo. I came in with a different idea then we had talked about initially. He was very nice and changed it up for me! The whole time I was getting my tattoo, we talked about our lives and he made me feel right at home! I would definitely recommend Alex to anyone and everyone seeking a good tattoo artist!! Very very professional! Thanks Alex!
Wow! An honest repair shop. These guys are a no-brainer.
I was in the process of selling my BMW and purchasing a VW GTI when I came upon Lotus of Scottsdale and Danny Rains. They had the car I was looking for and so I sent the impossible request to Danny for his consideration. I wanted a firm purchase price for my car and a firm sales price for their car before I drove all the way to Scottsdale to finalize the deal. Based on my autotrader ad and what I told Danny about my car he went to work securing me the best trade-in offer up to that point. They didn't low ball me or make excuses as to why "my" car was worth less than book, they analyzed the available data and gave me a VERY fair offer the first time. It was refreshing to deal with a car dealership that didn't treat me like an idiot, but instead treated me with respect and gratitude for my business. Thank you Lotus of Scottsdale and Danny Rains for making this transaction a pleasurable experience.
An Elegant Smile Dentistry was GREAT! After an unfortunate procedure with another dentist, An Elegant Smile took me in and helped fix the infection I had in a tooth. Not only did they accommodate me last minute, they also were very understanding with my financial situation and helped me with a payment option so I could get my tooth ache taken care of properly. The facility is wonderful! Very clean and the staff is friendly and helpful! I also thought it was neat that I received a text message reminder for my next appointment. I happened to be at work and was able to respond within minutes without having to step outside to make a personal phone call. I would recommend this facility and its staff. Dr. Foreman was great and walked me through my procedure telling me when he would be doing things and always made sure i was doing okay. Again, my experience was great and i would recommend this facility and its staff!!
This place is amazing they all cut like they been doing it there whole life and the best part about this place is there good prices witch means you can afford to get one every week!!!
We went to Gordas last week and wow... we were really happy with our meal. We wanted to try lots of different things, so we shared the Chile Verde Sopes (Amazing), the Crispy Beef taco, the Carnitas taco, the Adobada taco, the Carne Asada taco, the Carne Asada Fries, and a Quesadilla! Without exception, everything we tried was fantastic. They also have these little spicy carrots at the salsa bar. Yum. Highly recommended.
I've lived a mile away from Gordas for a few years now and for some reason have never stopped by here, despite wanting to. I finally stopped in for lunch today and was very pleased with the Surf and Turf burro. After reading other reviews I plan to go back very soon and get some fish tacos and some chimi's. The place was very clean. The young lady behind the counter was very friendly and our food was ready very quickly.
Very good, fresh tasting food FULL of flavor! Affordable prices!
I brought in a rim mounted with an old tire and a new tire I had bought online. Ten minutes and twenty bucks later, I was on my way. These guys are sharp, quick, inexpensive and courteous. Finding this combination in the powersports industry is so rare that most consider it impossible. They also sell tires and will do a full tire change without your needing to remove the wheels--at an extra charge. This is one of the few shops I would trust to do that for me.
First, it is great to see a local company roasting their own beans on-site! The smell is intoxicating. This little family run, locally owned business puts out some really great coffee and some enticing coffee drinks. They run great specials and if you friend them on Facebook you can learn about all types of little specials they run. To top it all off, the owner's father bakes many of their muffins, breads and other treats. Ok, wait, it gets better. Matador opened up last night as a wine bar too!! A few of us attended to celebrate my Canadian friend's green card, finally! But that's another story. Matador is the perfect coffee&wine bar because it is cozy and personal. We had the sangria which was really great. Not -too-sweet, crisp, tasty and full of fruit! I looked over the wine menu and it looks like they really took their time in selecting some nice wines and some great beers to feature. They have a small appetizer type menu with dips and bruschetta. We did not order food but in observing the other tables the food looked great. I will be back to sample some of the wines and an app or two and, as always, I will be in for my fresh roasted coffee!
I by almost all my coffee for my drip machine (yes, my automatic drip coffee maker...get over yourself) from here. Mainly because they are close by They roast their own coffee and have some excellent roasts. My favorite so far is the Peruvian. But there are still so many to try. Their roasts are constantly changing, which can be annoying when you find something you like and next time it's gone. The people here are super friendly (both employees and guests). The crowd is mostly 20-somethings (PVCC is right across the street), but I've never felt "the old man" when I'm in here. They are not as specialized as Cartel Coffee, but offer great coffee and comfortable environment and a very pleasant experience.
My visit here was totally out of the blue. It's not in the general direction (or distance) that I've driven for coffee here in Phoenix, but I am so glad I had to be this side for another errand! The vibe of this place is definitely "cozy". There's no gross smell that lingers at a lot of other coffee shops. It appears clean, and the displays well organized. I had the orange sunset to drink. Tried their mediterranean plate - and after frequenting Dearborn, MI, I have high expectations for mediterranean and middle eastern foods. This plate passed the test. :) :) :) My only regret is that this place isn't closer to where I live. Though, I am sure I will find ways to make the drive. I suggest this to any one looking for a chill place to read, study, or just catch up with a friend.
They were able to help me right away with great service PLUS they have their own tow truck and prices that cant be beat!! I have recommended to all of my family and freinds and would recommend to anyone. PLUS automatically with NO EXTRA fee you receive a 12 month WARRANTY w unlimited miles.
The ONLY spot to get the real deal Montana Cans. Thank you Just Blazed for the quality products and experienced staff.
Dr Agnew is awesome! She goes above and beyond in treating your pets. My hound was the first entropian surgery that she performed. Her care, attention to detail and follow up was the best that we could have hoped for. All 3 of our pets are treated by her and she knows each one's problems and history even before I have to tell her. I would recommend her to anyone and everyone.
I work down town. Last year I spent the most money I ever had on a pair of Florsheim shoes and the sole of the shoes was wearing away. I have had shoe shines done at Andy's in the past so I decided to see if they could fix up my investment. The actual shop is tiny. But what it lacks in size it makes up for in personality. The walls are all covered with sports memorabilia and pictures of Andy winning jackpots at the local casinos. There are several magazines to read of all kinds while you sit and get your shoes shined in any one of the chairs lifted up along the one wall. I dropped off my shoes on a Tuesday to Andy's wife. It would cost $65 to re-sole the shoes and she asked for a $25 deposit. They would be ready on Friday. I picked up the shoes in the morning and they had brand new Vibram soles and had been shined up. The job was very professional. I paid the remainder of my fee, switched out the shoes right there and walked out. Guys don't typically get facials or pedicures. But our version of a spa day is a barber shop shave and old shoes on your feet made new again with a simple shine and some new soles. Something about having some shiny new kicks really adds to the general attitude. I am extremely pleased with Andy's work and will be returning there again in a couple weeks when my shoes are ready for a shine up. One tip: it's cash only. There is an ATM in the convenience store next door but they charge a $2.50 fee which is a little much for a less than $10 shine, so come with the dollar bills in your wallet. Www.andysshoeshine.com
Dr Eric Clyde and his staff are great, personal and effiecient. They did exams my old Dr in Texas never did and explained things much better. he listened to my concerns and told me everything that was going on with my vision. My old Dr never listened about my contacts being uncomfortable for the longest time and was stuck on one brand and Dr Clyde said there are so many brands to try and he got it right with the first ones. Great communication through website and email. Cant say enough great things about this practice!!!
I'd been going to the same eye doctor since I first needed glasses 15 years ago. Last year, I moved to Arizona and needed to find a new optometrist. I'm very cautious when it comes to choosing new doctors, so I looked over tons of reviews for doctors all over the valley until I settled on Valley Eyecare for their great Yelp reviews. I wasn't, and still am not, disappointed! Dr Lindsey Clyde is possibly the nicest and most caring doctor I've ever had. I have bad vision and incredibly dry eyes, and she stopped at nothing to make sure my new contacts were a perfect fit for my eyes. The staff is equally as welcoming and the woman who fits and orders glasses sat with me for half an hour until I chose the best frames, all the while giving me tips and weighing the pros and cons of each type of frame and lens (very patient for me being such an indecisive person!) It's nice to go to a health care professional who really cares about her customers! I've recommended her to all of my family and friends in the Phoenix area and I highly recommend her and the Valley Eyecare staff to anyone who needs a great optometrist!
I have lived in Camden Copper Square for over a year now and after living in an Alliance property for 3, this is a world of difference. I work long hours, so being able to work out in a remodeled gym in the building a big plus! They also just re-surfaced the pool area and put in all new high end patio furniture, which is a great addition. The management office has even brought out popsicles on hot days, never seen that done but awesome! The community is dog friendly as well and even put in their own dog park. Overall, the units are nice, management is professional and they take care of the property. I recommend living at Camden Copper Square.
I just heard about this place from my hairdresser today, and made a beeline for it. Let me just say it was wonderful. The people were extremely friendly and helpful, the food was OUTSTANDING, the ambiance was warm and inviting. They also had a huge selection of teas and coffee's. Their signature pomegranate tea is homemade by the owner with agave. Super yummy! I HIGHLY recommend this little gem to the veggie and non-veggies out there! Yum, Yum!
Great place and it keeps getting better. Their coffee is totally awesome (comes from coffee cartel, how could it not be?) and the menu/food choices keep getting better and better. We love to go for breakfast and get tofu scrambles. Their vegan desserts are really incredible too. We love this place! So great to find a vegetarian restaurant of this quality.
My husband and I have been hearing about Pomegranate Cafe for the last year, but really never had the chance to try it. Okay - I shouldn't lie, I think we were hesitant because it is a vegetarian restaurant, and we love our meet. But we were intrigued because of the gluten free options (something that is critical to my husbands health). Now I am super sad that we waited so long. We have been missing one of the best restaurants in the Valley. Both my husband and I had sandwiches for lunch last weekend. I have never had such distinct flavors in a sandwich before. It was beyond delicious!! Maybe getting rid of the meet is critical to really letting my taste buds do their work!! After lunch my husband and I split their gluten free Tiramisu, and it was HEAVENLY!!!!!! The staff was super friendly, the service was quick, and the place is very cute and clean. We will be back very soon (most likely this weekend)!! I can't wait to share it with all of my friends!! YUM!!!!!
This place was a huge surprise and a huge relief! Being a foodie, and quite the fan of healthy food, this place definitely lives up to those expectations. If you've ever been to San Francisco, then you'll definitely get that feel when you enter the cafe. It's got a great atmosphere, and the menu is by far the best when it comes to serving healthy "organic" foods. I know that many places in the valley claim to serve healthy food, but serving "all-natural" and locally farmed foods doesn't necessarily mean it's healthy. People that are true foodie's know exactly what I mean. I ordered the Dragon Bowl with quinoa and it was delicious. I'm excited to try this place again.
I just tried this restaurant for the first time. It was delicious, I ordered the raw vegan sushi and a raw dessert. I thoroughly enjoyed my dish and I also tasted my dates dish which was the raw wrap and that too was yummy. Great service, nice clean atmosphere. I will be returning many more times! BTW I am a raw vegan and have been a vegan for 8 years so I have tried my fair share of vegan and raw vegan restaurants!
Sometimes it's difficult to really feel satisfied with a raw vegan diet , but every time I go to Pomegranate's I leave more than satisfied. The atmosphere is welcoming and delightful, although very busy during the lunch rush. I did have to share a table with a stranger last time I was there but the stranger turned out to be a great lunch companion. This is a must for anyone who is considering (or already is) a raw and/or vegan diet. Everything is so yummy you won't know it is good for you!
If I could give this place 6 stars, I would! Tasty? Indulgent? Doesn't-taste-like-it's-vegi/vegan? Check, Check, Check!! Honestly I have probably never been more emphatic about a restaurant. This quaint little shop (although it has been expanded) has a wonderful vibe, and you are able to see just how fresh their food is. Their chalkboard of daily specials welcomes you and their glass-door refrigerators remind you that you are eating fresh, whole, and unaltered vegetables and fruits. The cashier is knowledgeable, friendly, and greeted with a smiling face. I ordered the Strawberry Rhubarb French Toast and a cup of the daily soup: Curried Sweet Potato. (I'm a sucker for anything sweet potato.) I sat down with my number and waited for my food. Both dishes arrived shortly, and my mouth watered at their sight. The french toast (banana bread with the rhubarb jam and whipped cream) was likely the best french toast I've ever had. I used to have a favorite place for french toast, but this plate left it in the dust. The banana bread was moist, thick, and came with delicious fresh strawberries. Not too sweet, and the light rhubarb jam complemented the thick banana bread to a tee. Unlike other new and healthy restaurants, the portions were not tiny and unfilling. On the contrary, I would think most people would split the order of french toast. I just wish I had come on a day with a special french toast on the menu! The sweet potato soup was sweet, creamy, and the curry flavors accented it wonderfully. To finish things off, I couldn't leave without trying one of their tempting cakes! I spoke with one of the owners for a while (who is wonderful), and based on her recommendation I tried the mango and blackberry raw cheesecake. Not only did this cheesecake not taste like it had no dairy, but it likely tops other cheesecakes I have tried. I can only hope this place stays in business for years to come. When it comes to nutrition, it is vital for restaurants to be completely aware of what they are serving, for them to strive to bring patrons healthy meals, and have fun doing it! Pomegranate Cafe does not fall short; I will be back soon!
One of my favorite places to eat in the valley hands down. Always fresh always organic. Can get just about anything gluten free or dairy free. The Dragon Bowl is awesome! The owner and her daughter run this place and both are very sweet. The staff is very knowledgeable about allergies etc.. go here and try it ! You will love it!
Pom has continued to thrive and grow for good reason. Great service, continued quality food and a fun atmosphere with daily specials that tempt even this staunch creature of habit! Dragon Bowl & Green Protein Bowl are still my favorites. The bean burrito for breakfast is delicious as well. Thanks Pom for keeping up the good healthy fight!
It's been a few years since I've been to Pomegranate, and I like their expansion. The decor is cute! I love all the fresh flowers and the mason jars. I've enjoyed everything I've ever ordered here. My fianc has a wheat and dairy allergy so the gluten free, vegan Mac and cheez was very good for him! I thought it was excellent as well. The desserts are incredible!!!!! Yes it's a bit pricy. Oh well. I'm a baker and in my opinion, for the desserts alone it's worth the price. Baking vegan, gluten free can be tricky and hard to find while eating out. It's a blessing to have a place like Pomegranate to be able to go to!
Honestly one of my favorite restaurants. Pomegranate is place I can go and literally order anything and know it will be good for me. I have some issues with dairy and gluten so its nice to know that I can order lunch and not feel gross after I eat. I usually get the burger special they have which never disappoints. I also love the breakfast protein bowl and have tried some of their raw selections - all so delicious! Everything is homemade, organic and a lot of the food is locally sourced. Yes, this won't be an $5 footlong but like others have said organic, fresh food is pricey. I buy it for my kitchen. I would rather pay more to eat food that is good for my body and that is truly natural. Thanks Pomegranate!!
I have been getting waxed by other spas for so long, I thought she was joking when she pulled the first strip! The wax is PAINLESS compared to others I have experienced. Plus when you have everything done (Yes, EVERYTHING!) you have to have the best!
So going on vacation in a week and wanted to get a brazilian for the first time. I gotta say the technician, Christine, was great! She tells you what to expect and tosses in a little humor to keep you comfortable. It was very clean, the wax isn't to hot, and the technician never double dipped. I found the place very clean and comfortable. Pricing is just right too. I like that there are options to buy it for a year and go anywhere they have a shop. I did get told about product as others reviewed. However, I didn't feel pushed because Christine explained how it can be used and why. In addition, she told me of other uses for the product. It was an all around good experience that I would recommend to any friend wanting to get waxed.
I had a great experience. As a dude, it's weird getting waxed but I had Tanya and she was great. She was very professional and made me feel comfortable. The place is really clean and worth the money. One of my other friends referred me to this place and Tanya. She is hard to get an appointment with but worth the wait. I will be back for sure.
9/3/2010 I have decided to sign up @ Yelp just to write this review and if you wonder why I am starting my sentence this way I think you should take a moment to read my two cents about this place. Upon realizing that I only have two classes left @ my Bikram studio I have received magazine with 2-weeks free hot yoga offer from Sumit yoga. Being a salon owner and advertising in same magazine I had a couple copies of the same issue :) ( One for me one for a friend - always like to have a partner in crime.. lol ). So I thought I would try it. Practicing Bikram for almost 2 years and swimming a mile once or twice a week I thought there was not much that can still surprise me. Hot yoga can get better & by better I mean with having minimum time for myself I want to get maximum out of my workout or whatever you want to call it. Being over 30 lets just say slowly starts diminishing the obvious not being twenty anymore.. lol So if you care about your appearance you start looking for the impossible: What can I do to look and feel younger if I only have couple hours a week for myself . I would have to say Sumit yoga just may be the answer. My friend got the shape up she wanted in a week for her 20th high-school reunion and I..I am writing my very first review because I believe that as a Beauty professional that on daily basis helps people to look better, it is my responsibility to explore and inform the public about all the available options that can help to make you feel better about yourself inside out. I feel that thanks to the style of this yoga each individual has, physical, mental & emotional relief available whiting a reach in only 70 minutes not to mention that I can guarantee you if you make it through your first class you will feel like a hero at the end. After all what doesn't kill you only makes you stronger ..lol. ***I wish that all the competitors that are writing the one star reviews for all Sumit's studios would just focus on bettering their studios to such professional, structured yet kind and friendly environment!!! *** After-all the amount of current Sumit's yoga location and additional once rising in near future, considering the owner is only 30 something, speaks for its success on its own.
This is my favorite yoga studio to visit. I'm excited to say that I purchased the 50 class package and I cannot wait to start using it. First thing is when you walk in, you get welcomed by a warm room and an amazingly nice receptionist. Next the place is so clean. Hot yoga has a drawback because everyone sweats and obviously this sweat falls to the grown. I love how Sumit's has wooden floors and the staff mops them after practice. This is SOOO much better than the dirty carpets that absorbs the sweat and smells. Finally, the instructors are so informative. They will answer all your questions, give you pointers, and make you realize you did some of the moves correct on your first visit. They are a great support when you are trying something completely new. I recommend this studio to all my friends.
Went there because of the yelp check-in offer of a free appetizer and left with a paralyzing walk from the enormous stuffed cheeseburger and delicious fries. The spinach con queso was dangerously gooooood! Seriously, go there now...
I received a call from my regular groomer today telling me that my 9 1/2 year old Shih tzu-poo had a really bad ear infection. As I've recently moved to the Ahwatukee area, I had no local vet so I checked Yelp for the nearest to my house. I called Family Vetcare and they were able to see us right away. They were very kind and professional both on the phone and in person. The exam was through and I was explained everything in detail. I am glad that I found such a good vet so close to home.
It's my fav starbuck cuz it's across the street form my house. It taunts me daily. Pavlovian response make my mouth water for a white mocha nonfat no whip everytime. The people who work there remember the regulars and offer suggestions and even help you save money by working the angles to get you the combination special price. Also a good place for people watching or picking up a little something on the way to the light rail or antiquing up 7th Ave.
Great friendly service. The morning crew know and remember their customers. The drinks are out fast. My favorite store in Phoenix.
Extremely friendly and painless experience in a nice, modern office.
I had the same dentist for over 20 years and decided to try someone new. I had no idea just how outdated my old dentist's equipment was until i had something to compare it to. The staff is awesome and the atmosphere relaxing. Great customer care and service. Highly recommended. Lisa
I can't say enough good things about this place! I've never had a "great" dentist and staff, so I was excited to find Downtown Phoenix Dental. All of the forms were online which was very convenient and they have valet parking. I was greeted at the door by Robin (who is so friendly) and Dr. Berschler. I was offered a bottle of water and had my parking validated right away. I waited in the lobby for less than 30 seconds and was walked back by the dental hygienist Stephanie. She is phenomenal! Very friendly and very personable. She was thorough and checked on me several times to ensure I was comfortable. She also gave great tips for home care and recommended new products. Dr. Berschler was great as well! He reviewed my x-rays with me and was very polite. I will be back and will recommend to everyone!
This spot has threads you can't find anywhere else in the valley. The owners Kyle and Jeff are awesome; they are very knowledgeable about fashion, art, music and culture, and have great taste. Its not only a gallery of quality and tasteful clothing, but an art gallery as well. They host many notable and prevalent artists work from around the world as well as the valley. I highly recommend paying the place a visit.
From day one this office has helped me over and over from every concern or questions that I had. I really appreciate them and all that their staff has done for myself and my family, from scheduling a time that best fit my needs, to being able to set up a reasonable payment plan. You guys are the best. Thanks Gentle Hands!!!!
Look, if you're a plus size bride or looking for a bridesmaid, cocktail, cruise, formal, prom, etc. dress, this is your shop! The dresses are fun, well made, and true-to-size. Gotta love a shop that caters to us curvy women without charging us an arm and leg because of it. The prices are so amazingly reasonable it's crazy. My friend Shauna was able to find her gown for under 1100 and with all the detailing on it, it would have been $4000 anywhere else. Trust me, we've looked. The employees are very nice and totally make you feel comfortable. The bridesmaids dresses that my sister and I tried on were not only reasonably priced, but fun and different than the ones you can find anywhere else. I would say that the only suggestions I would make would be to put foundations in assorted sizes in each of the fitting rooms for brides to use under their gowns. Water bottles to the brides would be great, also little fans in the fitting rooms would be nice as the A/C wasn't very cool and trying on that much tulle and taffeta can make a girl get a little warm. Love the vibe of the older building. The design of the shop is great. Do not hesitate to shop at Strut, you will not be disappointed.
I was really torn between 2 dresses, one from Strut and the other from David's Bridal. I was leaning more towards David Bridal because of the price but after MULTIPLE visits to try my dress on (with patient and excited Pam & Ann to help) I finally settled on the 1st dress I tried on.... Still love my dress and then shopping experience I had.
Choosing a wedding dress was the part of wedding planning I dreaded the most, but by the time I left Strut it was the best part! The consultants were all very nice and made me feel so comfortable and welcome. My consultant picked beautiful dresses for me to try and helped me narrow down which one was the most flattering for me. They shipped the dress and veil to me in Utah and it arrived safely and quickly. Although I bought the 2nd dress that I tried on at Strut, we decided to go look at David's Bridal anyway. What a difference! I felt overwhelmed as soon as I entered DB, and the consultant we had an appointment with disappeared frequently and was tending to 4 or more other clients at the same time. I'm so happy we went to Strut first. The experience was personal and relaxed and I did not feel rushed. It is a nice small store but has a great variety of dresses to try. I strongly recommend looking for your dress at Strut!
I'm a fan of well-done, simple, no-frills burgers, and Smashburger is just that. A co-worker and I just came back from a wonderful lunch and I'm completely satisfied. I opted to build my own burger and went with a 1/2lb. burger on the chipotle bun with cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato, pickles, ketchup, mustard, and chipotle sauce. I'm not a fan of a lot of spices on my fries so I went with the regular. A cold cherry coke made my meal complete. I was told it would be 5-7 minutes before my order was ready, and not more than five minutes later, it was brought out to our table. Not only was the presentation really nice, but the burger was out of this world! It was cooked just as I like it (well-done) and was really hot and juicy. The fries were good on their own, but paired with the chipotle sauce, they were near perfect. The awesome food coupled with the friendly, efficient service ranks Smashburger up in my top three favorite burgers in town. Well done!
Well I was taken out the other day and the person who knew I love a good burger suggested this place, being that I never heard of it I was like sure ok. WOW is all I can say, the menu was very interesting and it all looked and sounded good. So I order the BBQ, Bacon & Chedder, and a order of Smash Fries (French Fries with oil and some seasoning) I go and get my drink and sit down and the order is brought to my table. Burger was cooked to the way I asked for the and the fries were awesome. The burger was very tasty and not dry (People who kavetch about grease, HELLO a burger is supposed to be greasy, this is not a heath food choice!!! and to the reviewer complaining about her Veggie Burger, really? why are you getting something that looks like a burger? Go have a salad.) The food was served quite quickly and seating was not a issue, I want to go back to this place soon.
The happy hour, M-F, 5-7pm is the best sushi value in the city. All of the sushi was great for the price. I would not recommend the tempura unless you are a fan. Overall happy hour, A+.
We used Sam's Trans to go to the airport, and were very pleased. Not only did he call 1/2 hr. before our scheduled pickup just to let us know he was on his way, but also he arrived right on time with a minivan to accommodate all our luggage including golf clubs. He even had mints for us to take. All this for a price that was less than the cab companies and limos. When we return to Scottsdale, I will definitely book with Sam's again.
My husband and I went in for the first time two weeks ago to find liqueur that we had been looking for all over the valley. Brian was knowledgeable, helpful, and friendly. He really knew his stuff. He explained why we weren't able to find this particular liqueur in the valley as they have been trying to obtain some themselves. We got to talking about some drinks that we were trying to perfect at home and he made some excellent recommendations. We felt as if we really hit the jackpot on this trip. Total Wine is great and all, but sometimes I feel like the employees there don't REALLY know what they're talking about. Brian, will you be our real life friend? Goodness, I hope his name was Brian or else this review just got really embarrassing.
This place is the most amazing ambience and food I have had in a long time! I loved it! They have Rye!!! As in Whiskey! Very cool vibe and the food was so good. I even tried to come home and copy their Roasted Green Chili Baked potato... I didn't do it justice, so I will need to go back and have it again. The place is small, and the parking non-existent, but they have complimentary valet and that helps. Get there early or make sure to make reservations. LOVED THIS PLACE! Loved everything about it!
My boyfrined and I went here on Monday night and loved it! He had a pizza and I had a wonderful chicken dish (the name escapes me right now) stuffed with spinach and a wonderful roasted onion sauce, it also came with amazing mashed sweet poatoes and veggies. I have a gluten allergy and our server Nick was very helpful in finding out what I could and couldn't eat. He was super nice and patient with us-we kept having to ask for more time to order because everything looked so good haha! This resturant is very romantic, the service is good and I would definitely go back!
Not a restaurant for ther faint of heart, lots of spicy food BUT there is food for wimps. The steaks, pasta, chicken and mexican food are all winers. The basic margatita is excellent. The Chinaco skinny margarita is a real winner. On the weekends the mimosas and bloody marys for $5.00 are a bargain. NOTE make reservations for weekends. ALSO go next door the the Rokerij , same food with a few additions, The DUCK is fabulous. Great wine list also. Both places are mid priced.
An Affair not to be missed . Besides the Amazing participating restaurants of the valley it really was a party as we ran into friends and also great live music such as Rodger Clyne and you could walk around the Art Museum included . not all but many restaurants had a few different things to try some were like buffets on their own also it was almost like a culinary trade show not like a Costco sample demo , the restaurants put out quality representations of their work La Grande Orange or Cibo (shaved brussel sprout salads,pepperoni pizza , Kai (quail egg w/bacon on top of a tiny french toast,chocolate & pork) Petite Masion (seafood ball) Cowboy Ciao (bite size ice cream sandwich) Narcisse Champagne & Tea Lounge (pepidew pepper cheese crosstini) Short leash( not only dogs but fried pickles) St Frances (cauliflower soup) too many others to mention . Pork belly was everywhere offered to eat and on people attending . almost never more than 3 people before you waiting Terrific wines some were Stags Leap , Etude , and AZ wineries . Some foods were also butlered to people attending , bottled water everywhere . only one place didn't prepare food ok...you could get sick from it becauce it was cooked meat that was raw and ice cold inside . next year will bring sunscreen burnt today .
Several places both days ran out of food EARLY like by 1:00 both days and it was packed like sardines due to less space from construction but as per usual many of the best of the valley showed up to offer you their best. This year the price was about $70. for one day or about $100. for two days. I thought it would be another year of pork belly after pork belly but this year it started to look like it might be a year of Burrata Cheese since I saw it at three eateries the first day but it wasn't. Pork over the course of two days was the big protein I think followed by beef and then shrimp. I only remember seeing just one chicken dish in the two days. They offered endless desserts but it seemed like less desserts than in past years. Great beers , Great Local wineries and Great non-local Wineries showed up. Bottled Water was provided, hand washing stations , hand sanitizer and clean restrooms. Saturday Of course I wasn't able to try as much as I wanted too due to stomach room and did miss out on many great things but I still managed to make a nice dent on the offerings. The Avalon Gourmet put out a beautiful assortment of fine cheeses, crackers, pickles including a really tasty bread and butter kind of pickle that was sort of spicy but the crowning offering was the Iberico Ham that is made from some kind of rare black footed pig that only eats acorns and is sort of kissed by the lips of God. Well anyway this ham at Christmas time runs $75. for 4 oz. and the normal catalog price is $52. for just 4 oz. or you can buy it by the leg but that will cost you an arm and a leg. (Gourmetfoodstore.com) It was mighty generous for Avalon Gourmet to bring Iberico Ham to the party. St Francis put out another jaw dropping pretty salad. I wonder if that salad is ever on their menu? One of my favorite bites came from Milagro Grill. I don't know what it was called but it was a very tender nicely flavored piece of beef topped with vegetables siting on something horseradish on very thin corn something. The bite as a whole was very delicious. I liked the Bite from Sushi Roku. It was something like sushi. It was spicy tuna over a tasty fried seasoned rice patty. I appreciated the lighter foods that Tertio Wine Bar put out. I tried that Thai Style Cauliflower soup and the tasty light nicely seasoned eggplant. I thought it was nice to have lighter food in this kind of setting. My husband was able to eat more food than me and really enjoyed the food from Cartwright's , it was Buffalo Sausage with Spatzle and said we need to go there for dinner. He also enjoyed the Porchetta Sandwich from Davanti and decided after a little time passed he wanted another one but sadly Davanti was out of sandwiches by 1:00. We were at some places at the wrong time when they were having some kind of cooking problem. We hit T. Cook's when the lamb shanks were raw inside. We hit La Grande Orange when the pizzas came out black on the bottom. But we did notice after wards things looked like they were coming out right. There was so much more and it was an overall great day! Sunday It was even harder for me to take pictures on Sunday because it was standing room only between the very big spreads from District American Kitchen , Kai , and the places in-between Gallo Blanco and Hanna. I thought much of the food from Kai was sweet and custardy . For me in that group the plate I took from Hanna I liked the best because I liked the very tasty just one bite of beef and the interesting light Sushi Slider with a lemon slice. My husband really liked the goat taco from Gallo Blanco he also thought the Raw Lamb Heart from Petite Maison was really layered with great flavors. I admit I wasn't brave enough to try goat or raw lamb heart. The Tuna Crudo really knocked me out from Crudo and just next door was Blue Hound offering Wild Steal head that was light and tasty and I'm sorry I didn't ask what that vegetable was on it that looked like yellow grass but sort of tasted like corn. Barrio Cafe also put out a very nice mini buffet. Everything was great but I thought the shrimp with the tastiest slaw was the knock out dish. The Guacamole from Barrio is the only guacamole I've ever seen my husband eat. Sadly Barrio also closed up early I think 1:30. Relish Burger Bistro put out pork tacos and bacon deviled eggs instead of burgers. My husband liked the hot dog from Short leash that squirted out cheese and jalapeos but I noticed they had at least three different kinds out there. Switch made an interesting Beignet with crab siting on slaw. They were pouring many better wines I noticed that some were $100. bottles. I remember liking a Syrah I thought that came from Oregon and the Patz a Hall Pinot Noir and the Merry Edwards Pinot Noir. We received many discount cards for many of the restaurants that participated in Devoured. There is just so much I left out, can't wait to do it again. It's a week of nonfat cottage cheese and nonfat yogurt for me now.
What a great place, the cocktails are amazing the atmosphere is like no other place ive ever been. There is a little gem at this establishment and her name is Dawn. She is the hotels Tarot card reader and what an amazing and insightful person she is. Her energy is calm and inviting and her presence is larger than her petite frame. She is passionate about her ability and show during her readings. I highly recommend visiting her if you are ever at the San Carlos Ghost Lounge.
If eating 36 ounces of froyo would not be classified as gluttenous, I would have filled 3 cups all the way to the top and totally justified the calories. (Which I feel fine about because it's like 100 calories for 4 ounces... wait why am I talking about calories?) My friend, Jamie, told me to try Yogurtology last week while we were eating at another frozen yogurt place. She claimed it was the BEST frozen yogurt. Jamie, I hope you read this because YOU WERE RIGHT! Yogurtology's yogurt is the best I have ever had. I feel a little sad that my cup is empty and I'm left dreaming about it.
Hands down THEE best yogurt in the valley-bar none. It is NEVER icey. And their topping bar is always impeccably clean. The oatmeal cookie is seriously the best frozen dessert anything I've ever had. It is more expensive than other yogurt shops in the valley but OH so worth it!!
Ah..Yogurtology. How I miss thee. Although it's been over 3 months since I've left Arizona, I still miss Yogurtology like a puppy misses its bone. It's got the best tart froyo hands-down, and is cheaper (and tastier!) than nearby MoJo. The toppings bar is diverse; the fresh fruit is always fresh (instead of on-the-way to rotting like some other places I've been), and they have lots of toppings (Nutella, anyone?) The store is always clean, and the employees friendly. I've actually considered getting a membership to nearby LA Fitness just so I can use Yogurtology as a motivator to visit the gym. If only they would open up a store on the East Coast.
this place is going to give yogurtland a run for their money! the yogurt is just as tasty and creamy and the toppings are BETTER. as in, toasted coconut. do any of the other amazing full sized candy bar toppings or super fresh fruits even matter once you realize their coconut has been toasted? if you ever want to win my heart, bring me a vanilla yogurt w strawberries and toasted coconut. there's a joyful hum going on the entire time i eat it. PLUS 10% off or something if you work in the area, frequent stampers card that you DONT have to carry around in your wallet. this place is the jam!
I like the neo midcentury modern interior and the yogurt flavors are excellent... fresh toppings too.
My. Favorite. Burger. Not to mention that the turkey and veggie burgers are great as well as the double truffle fries. It's one of the places I miss most not living in AZ.
Zinburger proved to be everything it's cracked up to be and then some! No wonder it wins awards for Best Burgers! The meat was flavorful & cooked to perfection and the brioche bun was amazing. The wait-staff was very attentive and helpful. The overall experience was 5-star. I had the Samburger and my wife had the Zinburger and both were outstanding although we agreed the Zinburger was slightly tastier with its braised onions. We got there at 11:30 AM to beat the lunch crowd but the place was already packed, so pick your spots. If you think it might be too far to go for a burger or that $10 is too expensive, think again...it's worth the drive and the money.
this is one of the, if not THE BEST burger in Phoenix. And I wasn't prepared to say so. But it is. The beers are too expensive, so is the rent, I'm sure, but the burgers ARE delicious, the garlic fries... -- FORGET ABOIUT IT!!!!! -- THE BEST! I'm not a fan of Sam Fox Restaurants. Sauce sucks, Bloom blows, North is hit-and-miss... but Zin is wonderful!
Firkin awesome food. Worth letting your belt loose for. Salads were just as good as the burger.
I've been here to Zinburger a few times but this is my first review. I have to say that it is probably my favorite burger restaurant in the state. I've been to most of the other popular and trendy places but Zin keeps on living up to the best! On our latest visit we were seated in the heated patio. The wait for the restaurant was nearly 30 mins or seating right away on the patio. It was chilly out so I was happy for the heat lamps! Not bad at all with them on. My wife and I decided to share this time. It was hard to do, but since its the new year, I wanted to start things right in my whole diet and exercise plan. Cutting calories in half is a good start right? We had the ringer with avocado added. All I can say was wow. Excellent! In the past we have had the Kobe burger with pineapple which was a special back then, and we have ordered that numerous times. It's been almost a year since I tried that one though. We also shared the truffle fries which were great. All in all, it was just the right amount of food for us. I would say this is our fifth time here and I never had a bad experience hence my 5 star review. I think the Ringer is my new all time favorite so I'm sure we will be back here soon for it again!!
I love the Samburger with Bacon and Avocado! BUT... I was SOLD once I ordered the Double Truffle Fries!
This place is GREAT! I have only eaten there once now but had a very tasty burger, sweet potato fries and a green tea. All of which were very good, served by friendly staff and it didn't take too long to get our food either. If you are into teas, try their iced green tea, it was the best I've EVER had! The burgers were pretty big, come hungry!
Seriously, anyone who can give this place less than 5 stars you're either 1.) Only rating the "ambiance" not the food 2.) Don't appreciate a great quality burger or 3.) Ordering a damn salad and complaining about it not being top notch at a place that specializes in burgers. This place is hands down mouthwatering! I've alternated between both their regular beef patties and the Kobe beef. There isn't a huge difference but the Kobe beef is definitely juicier! What's great is that their toppings are always fresh. So you'll never get a soggy burger. But it might get messy. That's usually how you know you're eating a great burger though! And their fries? Excellent! You cannot go wrong with getting the double truffle fries or even better? Their loaded fries! These fries are smothered with hot melted white cheddar cheese, sour cream that's lightly drizzled on top, small bits of diced scallions, and topped off with bacon! And I can't leave out the customer service. My boyfriend and I have actually become regulars here and it's always a nice touch when they warmly greet is back and remember us. Staff here is definitely friendly! If this review isn't enough to make you stop by and try this place out, then you'll definitely be missing out!
I don't really get why this place doesn't have 5-stars across the board. I have NEVER been disappointed here, and I've eaten many dozens of times (don't want to count). The best burger I've ever had, coupled with amazing service. I suppose it could be cheaper, but you're paying for quality, location, and atmosphere. I wish I didn't like it so much, because I like to try new places. But Sam Fox does restaurants too well, especially this one, which just never disappoints. Best and most consistent service I've ever had. Also, I hate vegetarian reviews of a burger restaurant. Come on, seriously?
I resisted coming here as long as I could. I couldn't imagine The Vig Uptown being better than The Vig on 40th St but it is. The inside is brighter and there is more space. The menu is slightly different but most of the menu items are the same. There are more drink specials at this location and they have fresh squeezed juice to mix with your favorite liquor. My favorites were watermelon and strawberry juice with vodka. The only downside for me is the patio is smaller and you can't smoke outdoors because technically it's still indoors. Just a heads up to all you fellow smokers.
Had made a few visits the the Vig Uptown and have yet to really dig into the menu. What we have ordered has been super though! Having been to the Vig in Arcadia, we were pretty familiar with some of the fare. If you like wings, try the Thai sweet chili for an awesome version of this standard bar appy. Tried the nachos, loaded with pork, and it was so big we had to take half of it home. Really dig the atmosphere here. The restoration is incredible! It seems to have become quite popular and could be a challenge getting in at certain times. Went once and the valets said the lot was full, so we ended up at Dick's knowing that it was packed inside. Glad to see the place is doing so well. Hope to make our next stop there for brunch...maybe to catch a World Cup game!
This place has become one of our "go-to" spots for great food, service and atmosphere. I have yet to find a displeasing entree or appetizer. Some of my faves include the pad thai, cuban ruben, vigan, salmon, and the pork salad. You really can't go wrong at The Vig Uptown!
Strongbow! Strongbow! Strongbow! Enough said... Well not really. I would like to thank the Managers at The Vig Uptown for allowing the Phoenix Social Club to ram pack the Sunday Funday last month. The wait staff was more then welcoming. When some of the tables were moved by the attendies the wait staff worked around it to make the event peaceful. The specials that were offered the day of the Social Club event were appreciated.
My boyfriend decided to take me here one rainy Saturday afternoon, which made everything so much better to start; it was my first time hearing about it, and I am always excited to try new places! As we walked inside I immediately noticed the contemporary decor, which definitely added to the initial appeal. Once we were seated (which didn't take long at all), and took a look at the menu I was definitely in a dilemma because everything sounded so good, not to mention the names of the dishes were attractive. Before actually ordering food (since I still had to decide), we got drinks in which were not shy on the liquor (I got their Get Tang'd, which has bacardi O, fresh squeezed OJ, sprite with a Tang rim), and my boyfriend chose a nice glass of red from their extensive wine list... When it came time to get food we started off with their Crabmeat Artichoke Dip, which is a mix of a rich cheesy fondue with crabmeat and artichoke hearts, served with spiced pita chips. The only downfall here was that they ran out of pita chips, and had to substitue with tortilla chips, until they were done baking. I wasn't too bummed, since the chips worked just as well, and the waitress soon brought us out some fresh pita bread to enjoy! For the main coarse we went with their delicious Pad Thai (traditional spicy thai street food with rice noodles, shrimp, tofu, bean sprouts, peanuts, tamarind, egg and lime), which is one of my favorite dishes in the world! I was truly amazed by how well the flavors worked together. What made this dish even better was that we were able to share and still be full! Overall the service was great! We didn't feel as if we were being rushed, or bothered while eating, and again it was a gorgeous day to go to such a trendy, decently priced restaurant. I would definitely go back, rain or shine... Also, keep in mind they have two locations, with slightly different menus: http://www.thevig.us/ enjoy :)
Note: gluten free doesn't mean that there's no upcharge for having gluten in your food. It actually means that there's NOT any gluten in your food. I think of it like this: it is FREE of gluten. There. And it tastes awesome at The Vig. I'm like the next guy when it comes to gluten. I'm all in when it comes to other obscure food things like lutein and lycopene but sometimes you just get the itch to eat something without gluten that tastes like something with gluten. And that's where The Vig shines. You can get a hamburger without gluten in the bun and you can get a gluten-free (see note above) black bean burger as well. Both excellent. Sweet potato fries are the best you've ever had. No kidding. Drinks can be ordered gluten-free but it really isn't necessary unless you're getting some kind of doughy drink or something. Pisco Sour doesn't have any dough or gluten...but I digress. The crowd is cool, the service is spot-on and you will love it here. Order off the menu if you're on a date. You'll look impressive, "Let's see...can you ask the chef to make me a gluten-free horseradish tilalpia fish, hold the horseradish AND the gluten." Moscow Mule will kick you like an angry mule from Russia and you'll be saying 'nada mas!' to the San Jacinto Blood Orange/Vodka Sour. Again, it's off the menu.
The quintessential local spot that is hip, excellent food & service. But like an eariler review states it is cool but "not trying to hard". A great place for groups or smaller parties. It definitely gets busy, and parking is vallet. Just a great sense of style, taste and casual place to just hang out. Excellent food, a great combination of different flavors and styles. Service was excellent, prompt and attentive. Full bar, excellent wine menu and beer selection. The salads are excellent, very generous portions,and combinations of flavors. Make sure you always ask about the specials. Absolutely incredible. Generous portions, you will be happy you popped by!
This place is Hipster central but that is not necessarily a bad thing. I had the daily fish which was the sea bass and it was delicious!!! The reuben is also very delicious. On Sunday's they have half off bottles of wine. We ordered a nice bottle of white pinot and complimented the fish very well. The folks split a reuben sandwich and it was phenomenal. We have a high standard when it comes to deli meat and, believe me, this sandwich was on point. The corned beef was still dripping its own juices and garnered bits of fat that accentuated the entire flavor of the sandwich. All in all, very good. Might have to come back to The Vig for happy hour.
The happy hour here is awesome. Great drinks, great apps menu and there's a corn hole court in the back!
Mike has been fantastic with all of the tasks we have had him help us with. Earlier in the year, we purchased an investment property and needed someone to fix up several small things in the house. One of which included fixing up the kitchen cabinets. Several contractors we received bids from gave us so much grief regarding the cabinets (said we needed to replace them) and also fixing the spa tub. They wanted to charge us an arm and a leg, too. I found Mike through an ad on Craigslist and called him in a last-ditch effort. My husband immediately liked him but the most important part was that Mike wasn't afraid to take on the things we wanted. He didn't hesitate to say that fixing the kitchen cabinets wouldn't be a problem. Being a handyman, his prices were extremely reasonable. Mike demonstrated excellent communication with my husband and we appreciated being informed every step of the way. He also had a great sense of humor and we enjoyed interacting with him. Mike was also perfectly fine going to Home Depot with my husband so that we could purchase supplies on our Home Depot card. Incredibly, he even struck up a few deals with the salesperson to save us more money! A few times while we were at the property doing yardwork, he was quick to lend us any of his tools to help us out. All in all, we were very pleased with his work on the house (fixing and rebuilding the kitchen cabinets, removing and installing a new tub, repairing and installing landscape lighting controls that were stolen, installing and repairing lighting, plumbing, and repairing various components on the exterior of the house). Great, great guy to work with and we were lucky to have found him.
When I had made the initial call for a fix to my exterior sensor floodlight, Mike swung by within 10 minutes to take a look and provide an ETA for the fix. I awoke the next morning a to a ring at my doorbell announcing he was done. All I had to do was show him the location and he took care of the rest. Awesome. I definitely plan to call on Mike for future projects!
If you're not from Phoenix like myself then you know how difficult it is to find late night food. It just seems like every restaurant in the Camelback/Biltmore area closes by 10 p.m. and trying to find a good taco place can be challenging if you don't know your way around the valley. In a recent quest to find a taco spot after 11 pm I was about to give up go back to the hotel and lo an behold I come across Salsitas with a sign reading: Open 24 hours. I thought it was a mirage. Since it was the only place I could find that was open, I gave it a try and was not disappointed. I'm from L.A. and know tacos. This place is not fancy but they are serious about the food. There are various meats to choose from, a salsa bar, and a serve yourself pot of beans (yes, help yourself to some beans). I ordered asada and green chile tacos and they were solid. The tortillas are made on the spot and tacos are only $1.50! You can't beat it. Give this place a try. They even have a drive thru.
This review is for Megan- the hair wizard. Having blonde hair that constantly needs maintenance, I am super picky about who I let work on it. After finding Megan, I will NEVER go to anyone else. If you are a blonde, she's your girl. You won't be disappointed!!
So far, so good. I'll admit I have my doubts about CityScape, but damn, Golds is a nice step in the right direction for downtown Phoenix. This place is done up to the nines -- amazing facility all around. The locker room is souped up with keypads, the sauna is huge and not (yet) seedy and they offer a bevy of personal care items for you included in your membership. Yep, I plan on taking classes, so I can at least look like I know how to use half of these fancy things they offer. There are so many machines, free weights, studios and stretching apparatuses that my workouts may stretch several hours long. Deep breath. OK, trying to put a calm on my excitement. The "cardio cinema" movie theater is just a tick below ridiculous, but then again I'll probably end up using it more than half of the things they offer. The staff has been really personable so far, which is a big boost up from the Y, where it's basically like pulling teeth just to get scanned in. Count me in as a believer!
This gym is clean! Its open feeling and has windows everywhere. The staff is very friendly and knows your name. The machines are new and not out dated. If your new to the work out scene the trainers are super friendly and are willing to teach. Its not overly crowded and because of the higher price there aren't a bunch of creepy people lurking around. The theatre room is amazing!
I love this Gold's, always clean and never too packed. People don't stare and hang out like they do at LA fitness. Personal trainers know what they are doing (Matt R.) Staff is always friendly. Get the $40 membership it is worth the parking and towel service!
Fantastic customer service and results.
I completed physical therapy yesterday for an injury sustained in an automobile accident. As with a past injury in which I also went to Foothills Sports Med, the attention and professional treatment has been impressive. Jeff Moyer, the owner of this particular location is very detail oriented when it comes to focusing on my condition. He and his entire staff, and other Physical Therapists at this location are obviously working as a team that has a goal of patients like myself to be completely healed and pain free. Thank You once again to Foothills Sports Medicine PT located on Highland Ave and 22nd street in Phoenix. You really are THE BEST!!!
The salon is so cute and all the girls are great!
Love this neighborhood restaurant. Friendly, food is great, and when the weather permits sitting outside is very nice. Open only on weekends for From 8-12. Don't miss the experience. (If you are worried about calories, don't ask how the Pecan Crushed French Toast is prepared, just eat it and enjoy!)
Thank you yelp for helping me find this place and my forever go to hairstylist Alli. Alli is amazing from color and cut to fashion styles to full head extensions. I've done it all with her. I will never trust anyone to touch my hair again. The entire staff there are very knowledgeable and fun to talk with while getting my hair done. Like I said I've done a full head of extensions and that can take awhile...especially with my thick hair, but everyone just made the time fly. I've never did a keratin fusion bond before and was a little nervous, but after Alli went over care...process...and removal I was more relaxed and excited about them. I loved my extensions and would love another set...but I'm giving my head some time to rest. What I love is that she takes what your thinking in your head and makes it better. Most stylist don't even come close...I've been a victim of hairstylist with itching fingers who can't help but cut to much way too many times. I never fear that with Alli. She's growing out her hair too so she knows how every little inch of hair counts. Go to shampoo ink and ask for Alli...you won't regret it.
I've been getting my hair cut and colored by Alli for over a year now, so I figured it's time for an update. My haircuts and color have been consistently great! I look forward to coming here every 8 weeks, as the salon is very comfortable, clean, and the prices are still reasonable. Alli is an amazing stylist, as well as super fun to be around, the 2+ hours I spend with her always seem to go by very fast. I still highly recommend Shampoo Ink and Alli as a stylist.
My roommate came home the other night with a Chocolate Cream pie and oh. my goodness! It is AMAZING! The crust is this wonderful crunchy chocolately wonderfulness. I think she bought a Groupon and I don't know how much she paid but the pie was so good, regardless of full price, I'm sure it's worth it!
I love it...its better then Mojo, yogurtini, yogurtland, yogutology....its great! All the yogurt places have the same toppings, but the actual yogurt is my favorite! I love the plain flavor and I like it with strawberries and captin crunch cereal...or I like the plain with raspberry sauce...if I could eat this for a meal I would! I am glad they put one nearby and its right next to pita jungle so it makes it even better! The owner is very nice and is always very sweet when I have gone there. Not to mention the prices are great!
I crave Zen-Zen Yogurt, especially a spicy meal at Pei Wei. I'm glad they always have AT LEAST one sugar free option. They also offer several fresh berries, when in season, on the toppings as well as several nut toppings, e.g. walnuts, almonds, peanuts, etc..The place is always very clean and the staff is very friendly. There is plenty of seating. Great place to get take out as well.
As so many other women said before me they make it as comfortable experience as humanly possible. Everyone one was so nice and took the time to talk to you.
Last night a group of us went to The Duce in downtown Phoenix. It. Was. Fantastic. An old 1928 brick warehouse, the space is all indoor/outdoor, the food is roach coach style, the speciality "vintage cocktails" are served in mason jars and the overall vibe is uber hip & comfortable. We bought some vintage Love Button jewelery, ate Chicago style hot dogs, meatball sliders and waffles while mingling with a magician and singing along to 60's tunes. What more could you ask for? Oh, bottomless fresh squeezed grapefruit mimosas for a dog friendly Sunday brunch? Sign me up. One of the coolest spots in Phoenix for sure. The service was a little slow but that didn't bother me as everyone was super nice and quite frankly - I wasn't in a hurry and didn't mind waiting for a drink. Two thumbs up.
This place is pure Awesomeness! The mixed drinks are super yummy, probably one of the best mojito I have had, and I have had my fair share. The place is huge and there is no excuse not to find some thing to entertain you. Who can't love a bar/ restaurant that has hula hoops, a boxing ring, corn hole, a dance floor, and good food?
I love everything about this place. The location is perfect. Yes at first you are like, "Is this the place?" The atmosphere when you go in is like a smooth, chill, relaxed, breathe of fresh air. I need to go when there are more people like on a weekend. I went on a Wednesday and there were a few people there. I ordered the chicken pot pie, the brisket sliders, and I have to tell you it blew me away with how much I loved it. The staff were awesome with me and they were very friendly. I will definitely be back to try out their swing dancing, if anyone wants to go, and their karaoke, if anyone wants to go.
If going to a super sized store & spending 2-3 hours on Saturday morning doing your grocery shopping is your thing than this probably is not the place for you. But, if you have a busy life style, you want to run in & out and get something healthy to eat, then Fresh & Easy is the place for you. A very friendly staff, affordable, a great sampling area in the back, and exceptional quality (produce, as well as pre-made meals.) They also have the best Lemonade in their refrigerated section.
This little grocery store packs a big punch: affordable wines, delicious pre-marinated meats, easy and tasty "meals to go" - this grocery store is super convenient and quality food. I'm here pretty much every day.
Ok I'll admit it, I'm am totally adverse to going into grocery stores, I absolutely hate doing it so I figured hey why not try out Safeway's home delivery service again, maybe they've improved. They totally have! They're rarely if ever out of items that I've ordered, they're now offering more items then before, the drivers are all super courteous and always on time! YAY! Here's a tip - purchase 5 items from the "Get Free delivery banner" on the homepage. As long as there items in the list you need it's nice to save on the delivery charge.
LOVE their Chicago Dog! The food is well priced and made well, the breads, meats and veggies are wonderful. The service has never been bad, and always friendly. If you like meat and even not, there are salads, skip Paradise across the street and try this instead!
Quick, fast and delish. Love this place!
Love the TOPPINGS! The Greek Honey is my favorite. Close to home and they have great staff. Also don't forget to sign up for the loyalty program so you get points for every dollar you spend.
This was my first visit to JC Penny's Optical department. Everyone was very helpful and very knowledgeable. I was able to get a eye exam the same day too. This was my first time ordering progressive lens an in doing so they took their time in explaining and answering any and all my questions. They were very professional and they had a nice selection of frames in all different price ranges and styles. The plus was they also took my insurance (Cigna vision)
This company is fantastic! I was hired for the first job I applied for with the resume they wrote me!! If you're lost and need help with writing your resume, interview skills, or even salary negotiation skills look no further!!
Most creative bar tender EVER!
They listened to our need for a specific type of branding and came with a home run. Easy to work with, timely and effective. Great people!
Excellent! We just found out this place opened 3 weeks ago and we wanted to try it right away. It use to be a Number One Brother's Pizza location but Two Hippies came and added some color. We had the 16" pizza and dozen wings for $12.99. The wings and pizza tasted great! They also have yummy sounding sandwiches and calzones. The inside has a kids play area in the second area of the dining room and it was very nice for our son to have something to do. They also put Sponge Bob on the tv for him. The wait was very short, which was great because we were hungry. This is worth a drive if you don't live in the area.
I've been a loyal customer of Ken and his wife, Amy, since they opened back in September 2009. I am always impressed by ther profesionalism and attention to detail. 90% of the techs understand English so it's easy to talk to them and let them know what you want. They also have a child's chair which my daughter absolutely loves. I'd highly recommend them.
I've been going here since they've opened. I love them so much I made Dallas G open this Yelp account for me just so that I could rave about what a spectacular job Amy does for me every time. The staff is super nice, polite, efficient, and talented. I wouldn't consider going anywhere else for my nails. Pedicures and waxing are equally awesome. If it's not already clear, if you're looking for somewhere to get your nails done well and quickly, this is the place! Love them!
What happened to the Ken's Nails in Paradise Valley? I'm a frequent visitor and today was disappointed that it was gone, only to find another business there!
Raw vegan cheesecake anyone? Had the gals here make a raw vegan blueberry cheesecake for my birthday. It was delectably rich and amazingly good. Who knew cashews could taste so amazing?!! They've now made birthday cakes four times for us (this was the first raw one) and I highly recommend them for vegan birthday cakes! Delicious! And their daily selections just keeps getting better...pop tarts and scones along with the cupcakes, cookies, and brownies. Tuesdays they have gluten-free cupcakes (altho' they have GF macaroons every day). They've also had a few mini-pies lately too! Check facebook for their selection of the day! (Oh, they've just installed a bike rack outside) (And they display art from local artists, changes every month or so.)
I love Treehouse Bakery! It happens to be about a 20 second walk from my house so I love to pop in and bring some delicious treats home. My favorite cupcakes are their champagne and macaroon cupcakes, but the classic vanilla and chocolate are always a great choice too. My boyfriend loves their homemade poptarts as well. If you're looking for a refreshment then try one of their iced teas. They have a selection of 3 herbal teas, locally sourced I believe. I forgot what the tea I got was called but it was minty and delicious!
I have loved practicing yoga here. The teachers are so friendly and do a great job describing the poses so no matter what level you are at you feel challenged.
Love Julioberto's!! My usual is a burrito with beans, potatoes and guacamole. Their green sauce is awesome. I think I might just like this place better than Filiberto's! Yum!!
Ah iHop...this is a regular stopping place for us on a Saturday/Sunday morning before hitting the movie theatre at Norterra. The food is generally good, our son loves the pancakes here, and I am a big fan of the crepes. The service is typically good but can be a little slow.
This restaurant's tough-to-spot location in a strip mall has to be the reason this great little find hasn't been reviewed yet. In short, this place is amazing!!! They have about 10 different $5 combos - pitas, gyro, chicken souvlaki, falafel, etc. and that also comes with fries and a soda or bottled water. These prices are all day, not just for lunch. If you're not that hungry, a regular gyro pita is $3 by itself or you can do double meat for $2 more. Quality is not compromised for price here, this is as good or better than any other gyro you will find in the Valley. I also highly recommend asking for a side of the hot sauce, it's not too spicy and has a really nice flavor. The owner Tom is a really nice guy and he'll probably ask how you heard about his place and seems like the kind of owner who will try to remember you the next time you're in. I highly recommend checking this place out!
The service was wonderful! Not to mention their food is delicious!!! Definitely coming back soon.
How can I be craving a Rocket Burger Reuben and I have only had 3 in my life? That is how delish this place is! Went there for carryout today. The owners are super nice, as usual. When I got home, mu food was piping hot and YUMMY! I hope everyone in the Northern Phx area begins frequenting this semi hidden gem. The food is excellent and affordable and the service is the best!
I finally got to try their signature sandwich for lunch today: the Rocket Burger -- THREE beef patties, cheese, and fixings, in a sesame hoagie roll. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-ZBfr1BHvArFp1d6XH8jOQ?select=J3GAr5ZsWnk5FjcKAhT9rw It was awesome! This place continues to delight me with each visit.
First of all don't judge a book by its cover. Most people would pass up the place from the outside. Which I guess is good for us locals! There are so many great things I can say about this place. First of all the burgers are amazing and quality is consistent. We have been going here since they opened and never have any issues. The staff is so friendly they know you by first name basis. If you are a bottle soda or flavored soda drinker this is the place for you. They have over 5 fridges full of selections to choose from. Now to the good stuff. I recommend that you try the After Burner burger. It is pepper jack cheese, jalapenos, this amazing mayo, and rocket relish...pretty much a pico de gallo. The Onion Rings and Fried Zucchini are coated perfectly and fried crisp not greasy. Don't forget to ask for the ranch it is also a customer favorite. Another good burger is the Cali burger which has fresh avocados on it. They have daily specials as well. Now for dessert don't forget to get a brownie that they make or a chocolate milk shake. For the kid in you they also have slush puppies they remind me of my childhood. I would say the main reason we go back is the vibe of the restaurant. They are like your family and they make you feel at home. They are the reason you go back!! Keep up the great work Rocket Burger!!!
Rocket Burger offers a variety of choices that you probably won't find at larger food chains. :P Pretty much everything there is delicious. And,and, AAAAND (Look how excited I am) they have a HUGE selection of bottled sodas. Seriously. There's just a WALL of carbonated, fizzy, goodness~.
I was skeptical of this place when my coworkers told me about it, but when I walked in for the first time and saw the wall of bottled sodas, I changed my mind. They didn't even mention that! Seriously, though, they have a lot of sodas. A whole refrigerator full of root beers. A row of birch beers, a couple rows of colas, a row of Faygo sodas, a couple rows of ginger ales/beers... Really, every soda you can think of besides spruce beer (I guess I'll still have to go to California to stock up on spruce beer). Of course, this is also a burger place. The burgers are fantastic, as long as you're not expecting a gourmet, 95% lean, thick patty $12 burger. It is better than the Five Guys and Smashburgers of the world. Try the New York burger (Pastrami, slaw, rocket sauce), the Santa Fe burger (bacon, fried green chili, rocket sauce), or the Baja burger (pico de gallo, bacon, rocket sauce I think). Those are my personal favorites. I have also had the gyro burger - pass on that one; the tzatziki sauce is great, but the gyro meat is probably the frozen variety. They don't specialize in gyros here. I pay this place a visit every week now. The fact that their A/C doesn't seem to work well in the summer doesn't even dissuade me. My biggest complaint is that they have a soda fountain. People who prefer carbonated sugar water over delicious specialty sodas are simply not worthy - they're casting their pearls before swine.
Delicious food and a good value! I've been going to Rocket Burger for years now and I can't get enough of it every time I pop in. Their Teriyaki burger is sublime, among the best I've had (including "gourmet" burgers) and the fries are the perfect balance between crunchy and fluffy. The selection of sodas are to die for, there's something for everyone. Though the price is more expensive than a meal at In-N-Out, the difference is well worth it. I spend around $8-10 every time I eat there for a burger, fries, and a bottled drink or two. This is definitely a must-have for anybody in the Phoenix area.
I'm not one to usually make dramatic statements but : BEST BURGERS EVER My office recently moved to this area and have come 3 times now. My favorite is the Afterburner Burger. Also, an incredible selection of soda. Much of it pure cane sugar. Very nice staff, always busy.
I don't usually take time out to write a review, but for Scott I will do so. We had a simple problem with wiring, and even for something that was so simply for him, Scott took the time out of his day to come over for half an hour to fix our problem. He was nothing but professional and extremely nice, and his pricing is also very fair. Thanks Lanza, and we will make sure to use you for any other problems we have in the future. These guys are as good as it gets.
Open Studio: It's a great place with lots and lots of tools and supplies. As an artist who is familiar with ceramics I walked in and bought a membership so I could use the kiln, studio and tools. The owner showed me around and then let me go. She had all the tools you could ever imagine and lots of cool stuff to slump with and make texture. It's a working pottery studio and it's perfect for what I need.
If you loved Richardson's, you are in for a treat. Secreto serves similar dishes with the same flare and style. YUM! I can't wait to go back.
Paul is awesome! He quickly diagnosed and fixed our system and also explained how everything works and how to do our own troubleshooting. He not only changed out the damaged filter but also trimmed and re-set all the plastic tubing, drained and reset the tank and checked out all the manifold connections. Totally professional and courteous. Very reasonable price!!! AAA+++ rating!!!
I moved from a condo to a house 6 streets away but wanted to use movers to move the heavy furniture. I found the glowing reviews on Yelp and decided to give them a try. I called to schedule my move in date 5 days before my move and they were able to accomodate. The representative on the phone was very nice and knowledgable, explaining everything about the process and an estimated cost based on the size of my condo and number of furniture. They called a couple days before the move to affirm the date and time, and then the movers called an hour before the scheduled time to let me know their arrival time. The movers were all very professional, very nice, and very attentive. Any items they weren't unsure about where to place it, they asked before moving it in. They also moved a couple pieces of furniture around since I wasn't completely sure where I wanted everything to go. Finally, I decided that morning that I wanted to switch out the washer and dryer between the condo and the house. Without hesitation, they said they'd be happy to do that, so they swapped them out and hooked them up in the two places without any complaints. Given that I was only having them move my furniture and I moved all my "stuff" myself, I did think it took them quite a while to move everything, but that's because they wrapped all pieces of furniture in plastic wrap before loading them on the truck and were very careful with all my furntiure. I had an antique large bookcase that they successfuly moved without any wear or tear. If you're looking for a cheap and quick place to move your stuff, this is not the company for you. But if you have good quality furniture that needs gentle care in moving between two locations, I would definitely recommend them.
I used these guys 3 times so far...the first time I used them it was a hot summer day in August and I remember the owner had a sprained arm wrapped up in a sling. He was out there assisting his team moving furniture with one arm. Creative moving defiantly exceeded my expectations.
These are exactly the peeps you want when the moving nightmare begins. A one stop shop to get your stuff packed and out the door. Either into storage or to your next destination. Perhaps even at a later time. These guys are fast, early in, early out. Reliable, friendly, helpful, nothing but awesome. They have all the tools and stuff you need to get the job done. Dollies, tape, cutters, boxes, you name it. Do yourself a favor and stop doing it all by yourself. Let this excellent team save you a ton of time and grey hair. They are worth every dime.
I looked for a moving company using the net and wasn't finding anything that stood out. Then I thought, "Why not yelp it?". Creative has awesome reviews for a reason. They were on time, moved quickly, helped me pack up into hanging clothes boxes, and were funny and enjoyable to be around the whole time. The was the first time I hired movers and would 100% go back to them again!
Today, someone in my office asked me if they knew a good moving company. I found Creative Moving& Packing for my parents when they moved out of their apartment. They were courteous, very professional and quick at a reasonable rate. My parents who are elderly were a bit nervous beforehand, but they were treated with respect.
The team at creative moving were great. Took care of everything for me. Thanks big time to Lee, Merko, Jay and Mono. You guys made the move that much easier.
We had Creative Moving and Packing move us last weekend. I cannot thank Minko, Renee II and Chris for the professionalism and fabulous white glove service. I would not hesitate using Creative moving again.
I had an awesome experience moving from Tempe to Phoenix with help from Creative Moving & Packing. I emailed to request a quote and received a call within an hour. They were very helpful and communicative and pricing was upfront and straightforward. On moving day, I hadn't quite finished my packing. The team that showed up had extra tape for me (I was out) and were quick, efficient and friendly. My team was Benny, Adrian and Merko. All three men were incredibly professional, friendly and treated me and my things with respect. I felt entirely comfortable alone in my apartment with them (as a woman, this is very important). They provided beautiful service and many times stopped to ask where I wanted things placed and whether I needed extra help with anything. I felt like the three worked together seamlessly and got things done expertly as a result. This was my first time hiring movers, and I had an amazing experience with this group. If I move again I will use this service and specifically request Benny, Merko and Adrian, because they were outstanding. Not a thing broke or was out of place when they left. They were worth every cent I paid.
Robert and his crew did a Great Job on replacing all the windows of our house. Very High Quality of work , very clean and did the job in less time then we thought it would take. Thanks Robert !!!!
Vladimir was very kind, knowledgable, professional and he was very patient with my two curious sons!!! The pricing wasn't too high, and my refrigerator water and ice dispenser now work like new!! Thank you!!!
Love BWW. Excellent wings... haven't had any service issues... Gets REALLY busy in the evenings. I was surprised. One thing that still irritates the crap outta me about B-Dubs is that they allow kids in the bar area. To me, that's a big no-no. I go to a bar to enjoy being WITHOUT screaming kids. But this one isn't the only one that does it... I've experienced it at all of them.
Been here several times and never a bad meal or service. Highly recommended
We all LOVE Thursdays with Debbie at the bar! She is a keeper!
This is a fun night out. Great variety of music good food. Fun dancing cosmic bowl and great cocktails. Great place to have a birthday get together.
What a hidden gem. Quiet place with great food and owners.
This place is awesome! Thanks for the find yelp!!! Been here twice in the past week and had great food both times. This is real food prepared by a real chef, not prepared crap that just gets heated up in a microwave. The baked brie was delicious, however the oven broke today, so we went with the stuffed mushrooms which were also damn good. I had the spicy shrimp in coconut risotto the first time in, and dijon gniocchi this time. Got to keep coming back as the menu changes seasonally. Cant wait to try the pizza next week!
So you like very good food and think the kitchen is the place to be?? Well, this is the spot for you. Pull up a seat at the counter and watch chef/owner Eric go through his paces. Every dish is unique and every preparation comes with a heavy dose of care, thought and local ingredients. In fact, I learned of the place by bumping into Eric at the farmer's market. The real show is the open kitchen. Eric's asbestos hands will amaze you as he reaches into the 900-1200 degree forno (oven) and turns your pizza by hand or checks on the marvelous lamb... The risottos are perfectly done as well. Ours had manchego cheese and the creamy delight was topped off with a chorizo that was the perfect topping and, of course, Eric prepares each one himself, to order. Phoenix' love affair with chain restaurants just might be ib trouble if a few more chefs open places like Centurion..
Purchased a groupon for this place and I love it!! I took my niece here for brunch and she is 12 and loved it as well. The steak with the egg is such a good combination. Whenever I go into a restaurant you can usually tell if you are going to like it by the ingredients that you can see. Well I saw all the right things! Lemon, Garlic, Onion, and much more. Definitely will be returning. I live by desert ridge but its worth the drive.
The pulled duck pizza is delicious; actually, everything I've eaten here is a win. The menu changes fairly often and all the offerings are fresh and unique. It's fun to watch your meal being cooked (the dining room only seats about 15 and the bar divides you from the kitchen). Large wine selection as well.
Wonderful, intimate fine dining experience. We had the 7-course tasting menu with wine pairings. Each course was beautiful and balanced, and the wine pairings set them off nicely. Staff was friendly and accommodating. We can't wait to go back!
Just got my nails done yesterday with Tricia. I LOVE my nails! As I waited for her to set up for me I checked out the full set she had just completed. A Halloween look, it had a glitter background with stars and moons carefully placed into the acrylic. It seems Tricia can create anything you can dream up. Onto my nails...I had originally scheduled a full set of white tips. After Tricia checked out my nails, she opted to not place tips and just put acrylic over my naturally strong and curved nails. I had heard of this option before, but it was never mentioned to me as a better alternative to tips at the usual high volume, "get me in and out in under an hour" shops I go to every now and then. Tricia hand sculpted each nail perfectly. She then recommended throwing a little glitter in the acrylic to give it some shine. I was a little hesitant at first. I liked the idea, but didn't want to much bling. She adjusted the powder for me to give just the right amount of glitter to complete the simple look I wanted. As I was paying I also checked out Brandi's (the owner) nails which had lace pressed into the acrylic. Very cool! Kashmir takes their time to create each look, and from what I've seen can complete anything you can imagine! I also appreciated that Tricia decided not to do tips and grind half my nail off in the process!
Great quality furniture and low prices. Recommended from a friend - they didn't disappoint. Our backyard furniture is great quality and looks fantastic!
I love how friendly the staff is at Woof! They always do a great job cutting my dogs long shaggy hair and she smells so good for the next couple of days! A very clean, cute place!
WOW! Never have I experienced such great customer service at an auto shop. I do not exaggerate when I say that Arman was beyond fair and helpful today when I took my Camry into Doc Auto. I was getting my radiator replaced and he looked at an oil leak I have as well. He gave me clear, affordable options, and I could tell from the moment I started speaking to him he has a great deal of character and integrity. Definitely the place to go for anything related to your vehicle!
I've eaten at PoaF plenty of times, sometimes multiple times in a week, and it is always great each visit. Hands down one of the best BBQ joints i have ever had, and i lived in Georgia for a little while. Going to head there this week to pick up a couple bottles of their BBQ sauce for some homemade fathers day ribs!
Pulled pork is just right, almost melts in your mouth and its not greasy like most. The best bbq place I've been to in the valley.
DAMN good BBQ. Really yummy beans. Free refills on drinks. Small dining area up front, but the back area is HUGE. don't come here for the eating area, it's pretty spartan. Come here for the beef, the chicken, the pulled pork. NOTHING bad.
WoooooW! Awesome, just awesome ribs! Sandwiches are fantastic too! This is more of a take out place and it is a bit "hidden" in an industrial park setting yet, the bbq is outstanding! If you like bbq - it's a must try!
I've been craving BBQ for a very long time, saw the awesome reviews & made the drive over here. Simple menu which I love, helps me narrow my decision down faster ;) I got the chicken sandwich with waffle fries & cornbread, hubby got pulled pork sandwich with waffle fries & macaroni salad. These are definitely the kind of sandwiches you don't even need sauce on! So flavorful & tender. Fries were fresh & very crispy but my cornbread was way too sweet, it was almost like dessert to me, eh no biggie. We will definitely be coming back here soon to try some other meats!
Mmmm. I have found a new love and its name is yogartini! I love getting what I want and adding what I want and the combinations at this fro-yo shop are outstanding. It is a great place to have a treat and escape the AZ heat at the same time. I had the peach yogurt with berries and granola to top it off. My son had cookies and cream, marshmallow topping and cookies on top (with gummy worms...he is 3!). The bad part it is that there is LESS guilt so you get more in your giant cup-o- yogart....but a treat is a treat, and this one is delicious!
Went to Yogurtini for the 1st time tonight with a few friends. This place is quaint. I love the decor, the prices are great... and they are open until midnight every night of the week. They had a very big selection of fro-yo and ample choices for toppings. I cant wait to go back again and try another flavor.
The people here are awesome. We are definitely coming back here! Prices are great and the service is awesome. Highly recommended!!!
Victoria was very helpful and friendly hope the cake is as good as the customer service )))
Had dinner there when they first opened and have been back several times. They might think I'm a stalker :) I try to get there 2+ times a week their entire menu is yummy if they have the spaghetti special with meatballs make sure to order your tummy will agree. Food is Awesome traditional Italian dishes. My Favorites Osso Bucco hands down full of flavor great portion and priced nicely. Sunday's are 1/2 price on wines bottles . Service is good make sue to ask for Don ( Server) he will direct you with menu and everything he has recommended was DELI SH. Make sure to save room for Maria's cheese Cake it's out of this world. All in all if your looking for great food that doesn't break the bank this is your place very quaint , friendly service !! Gasper running the pizza oven and his wife Maria runs the front of the house show. The owners really welcome you like your family and well the food is GREAT !!!
We were tired and searching for a place to eat while visiting a friend at PCH. While driving around, we found this place. I am not sure why this place is called a pizzeria; it is more along the lines of a decent Italian restaurant. They have pizza, but you are not going to want to get take out for a family of 6 on a limited budget. What an incredible find! We love Italian food, and this place rocked. Like another reviewer, our waitress was Josephine, and she was incredible. Kept our glasses filled with iced tea, personable, friendly, and helpful. She said she is Sicilian, and moved to Arizona after living in New York. I had the Spaghetti Bolonese, and my wife had the Margherita Pizza. Both incredible. They have a wood-fired oven with a brick floor...made the pizza and the bread incredible! My wife has Italian ancestry, and has been to Italy. She claims the food, including the pizza, is as close to authentic as she's seen in the states. The price is reasonable, but it's not fast food. Entrees were around $12-18 each, pizzas were under $10.
It only took two visits until I knew owner operator Maria and Gasper by name. This elevated the family atmosphere experience to a whole new level. Now, when I travel to Phoenix for business as I do so often it is more like sitting down in my mothers kitchen than it is getting a bite to eat in a strange city. I focus on the Pizza and it is simply phenomenal. Ask Maria what a good red wine is for the evening and you have a pair that is beyond succulent. Want to take a break from that diet? Then finish the meal with Maria's Cheesecake. OH MY GOODNESS! Yes, I took a picture of it and texted it to my wife. I know, not funny but I couldn't help it. I travel all over the world and Gaspers is one of those places you just fall in love with and make your own. Bravo to my new friends Maria and Gasper!
Excellent food with caring service
We recently did a private kids class with Chef Maggie and it was wonderful. We had 9 students, all under the age of 10 (with 6 of them under 4) and the structure of the class, along with the menu, was perfect for this age group. Chef Maggie's kitchen was set up for all the students, with small aprons for them to wear. Each received a copy of the recipes (ricotta and herb stuffed shells, homemade meatballs, garlic knots, and chocolate orange biscotti). She did an overview of the menu with the kids, along with giving important safety and hygiene tips, and then divided our class into teams for the actual cooking. She has a ton of stools for the little ones and was able to provide lots of non-breakable kitchen bowls and prep items so they could work without worrying. As a parent that loves food and cooking, I really appreciated that the recipes were not geared towards only "child friendly" items like some other cooking programs I have researched. I loved that recipes were classic, delicious, and accessible. My girls love to cook and I can't wait to try the recipes again at home. After all the kiddos prepared all the recipes, they played outside in Maggie's yard and waited for everything to cook. We then all sat town to enjoy our meal. It was a great time and I would definitely recommend for children - adults too. I can't wait to get a group of girlfriends together and drink wine and enjoy an evening with Chef Maggie.
This is it if you need a FANTASTIC painter. David is terrific. I have an all white salon environment and we are a color studio. Yeah, not a good combo. But after meeting David I will never worry about keeping our studio looking fresh and white. We had some major plumbing remodeling to do. The plumber tore up my beautiful walls pretty badly. The holes were big and we needed to be open for business the next day. David came running right away. The patches were up and since the weather was warm they dried pretty quick. David lightly sanded and then painted. The new shampoo lounge looks beautiful. Clean and bright, it takes talent and an eye for detail to please me. The texture matches perfectly. I you are looking for a painter who works clean, is prompt, talented and courteous, This is your guy. I need to mention too, that , for the quality of his work David is very fairly priced. I may pick out a new shade of orange for the living room at home!
I moved from Pittsburgh recently, and was a little hesitant on finding someone here to do my hair, since I am picky about who I pay to work on my tresses. The Salon Spot is not even a 10 minute walk from my apartment, and is totally worth the trek. This was the first place I walked into the month I moved here, and I think I got very lucky. Sarida does a bang up job on my hair. The first time I got a cut (an A line), it grew in fabulously. I was impressed, and decided to make another to get a cut and color. Sarida is very knowledgeable, and personable. She knows what she is doing, listens to what you want, and makes suggestions. I usually just go with whatever she suggests, because really, she is fantastic. I will definitely make this my hair salon!
I have Asian hair and the owner she did a wonderful job. I would highly recommend her if you have Asian hair. I had layers. Came out great!!
My daughter and I both saw Whitney this afternoon. She absolutely rocks! This was our first visit and won't be our last! We are new to the area and so glad we found the deals on Groupon. She was attentive to our individual needs. Would definitely recommend this salon & Whitney.
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits): 10 Food 10 Service n/a Atmosphere 9 Value I had seen this food truck at many a Saturday morning market here downtown, but I never paid them much attention. Then one day I did because I was really hungry and in a rush. The result was awesomeness! But the large posted menu is kind of deceiving. It presents their 4 standard dogs but doesn't fully speak to the uniqueness and deliciousness of their food, nor does it really give you all your options, which are plentiful. These are some of the things you should know, that you probably won't realize from their menu: They come on naan fry bread, not buns. (Though you can request buns, but that would be silly.) This does not come across on their board anywhere, but it is the foundational magic of their product. They let you choose your own wiener. [insert bad joke here] They have traditional, veggie, bratwurst, and my favorite: beer-hot. The beer-hot with the naan is the best combo ever! They have about two-dozen toppings. You get a hint of this in the descriptions of their standard-four, but it helps a LOT to see the toppings listed out (plus they have some that don't show up on the standard-four). They have the list up on a small laminate menu by the window. Their ingredients are mostly local, and some are organic. I've gotten a beer-hot w/ fresh jalapeos, swiss, cilantro, and red onions; and also a bratwurst w/ sauted onions, sauerkraut, and spicy mustard. Bottom line is this truck needs more accessible marketing, because they have a GREAT product!
After hearing I could get a Vegan Hot Dog, I finally made it down to food truck Friday. Let me tell you the anticipation was killing me. I saw the long line and knew it must be amazing, none of the other trucks had a line like theirs. I really had my heart set on a Vegan corn dog but was told that unfortunately the Vegan dogs don't stand up to the heat of going into the fryer, it was a sad day. I opted for a vegan dog with sauerkraut, relish and mustard, and although I was told that the bun/bread wasn't completely vegan as it had trace amount of egg in it, I went ahead and got it anyway. WOW, one bite and I saw the face of DOG! This was by far the most sinful experience I've had in a very long time, words cannot describe the magnitude of flavors that were dancing around in my mouth, it was completely euphoric. Short Leash Dogs are simply amazing, and as I write this, I'm already plotting my next visit and you should too! P.S. For all you non-vegans, don't worry, they have a fine selection of meaty wieners just for you.
How have I never reviewed Short Leash? I am so impressed with this food truck. Brad and Kat are always friendly and gracious, even when lines are 40 people long and they're running low on supplies. I've never had anything here that I didn't like. I usually get a chicken dog and it doesn't disappoint! Get anything here. Seriously. You won't regret it!
AMAZING HOT DOGS! Couldn't believe how great the veggie dogs were! (That's right, were, those are past tense, so yummy!) One of the best food trucks out there. Not to be missed, and affordable too!
Amazing food, fantastic people. Brad and Kat have a true Arizona gem. Take quality product (their food) with clear and consistent branding, and run your business with love and genuine smiles--that's the ticket to a successful business. Not many do that well any more. Short Leash does and we love them for it.
Short Leash Dogs are the best Hot Dogs in Town. If you are in downtown Phoenix on a Friday afternoon, you should head over to Short Leash and try one of their awesome Hot Dogs. My favorite hot dog is the Bear; it has peanut butter, cracker jacks, smoked Gouda, bacon and BBQ Sauce on the Hot Dog. Or you can create your own masterpiece with your choice of these 20+ toppings!
Holy cow this was good. I'm not a hot dog person but they have chicken sausage and bratwurst options. I got the chicken Moki style, OMG it was incredible!! Pinto beans, shredded cheese, tomato and chiles on a lavosh / flatbread. It is amazing. I may have to hit them up tomorrow and get another one. They have a brick and mortar store in addition to the mobile option.
Don't let the lack of reviews get you down like it did me. My coworker suggested this place and we were not disappointed. Great servings, good prices. Nice staff. It was a lunch crowd so they could have been a little more efficient at the register, but it was worth the wait. Don't let the "Hot Dog" detract you- this isn't ballpark or Quiktrip dogs- and it isn't Wonder Bread. Definately in our rotation now
My husband and I decided to eat lunch here today for the first time. We were warmly greeted by a young woman behind the counter. I ordered the hot dog and she asked me if I wanted everything on it which included chopped onions, peppers, pickles, and mustard. My husband ordered the chili dog. The hot dogs both came with a side of homemade French fries. Our total cost was about $8. We placed our order to go so we could eat at a nearby park. It is a small restaurant but very cute and all of the tables were kept clean despite the amount of customers passing through. When our order was ready a man brought our food out to us. My husband asked if they had any to-go ketchup and he said it was already in the bag with some napkins for us. I have worked in restaurants in the past and was very impressed by how professional and friendly the entire staff appeared to be. When we arrived at the park we began to chow down and were both satisfied. We both loved the food and plan on making this a regular lunch stop for ourselves in the future. Good work Jimmy's Hot Dogs!
I found this place through yelp. Great hole in the wall with excellent fresh fries to go with a modest sized chili cheese dog. Best lunch for under $10 even with a tip.
The new owners are amazing people. You will get quality dancing for the price. Rick and Julie are true professionals mixed with lots of love. If you in the East Valley def. try them out!
Nobuo shows his unique talents with everything on the menu. Carefully crafted features with much to drink. Start with the pork belly buns and a stout. Then go on until you can no longer.
I don't do sexy well. All of my attempts at seduction end in horrible awkwardness. Drunk on sake from Nobuo, I attempted to give my boyfriend the ol' bedroom eyes. He told me later that I acted like a mid-range call girl the entire evening. My BAC was partially due to my empty stomach and patially due to previous alcohol consumption. We had already been waiting an hour and a half for Pizzeria Bianco and a bottle of wine later we decided to get some sustenance to help us through the next hour and a half of the wait. While I wasn't making a spectacle of myself, we enjoyed the Teeter Tots and Steamed Pork Buns. Our waiter was an expert in the field of sake and helped us pair these two dishes with a great bottle of the stuff. The Teeter Tots, Panko crusted tofu with a dipping sauce, were so good. I always look for a similar menu option at every Japanese place we go to now, but nothing has come close. Now, I admit I do not normally like steamed pork buns. But I was drunk and in the mood for adventure, so I gave these guys a shot! Second best outcome of an intoxicated decision ever! Get frisky at Nubuo if you have the chance!
Creative, unique items that just work. Very high quality ingredients. Gets a very rare 5th star!
The food here is ridiculously good. Every single item was amazing. We went here on a Sunday after a visit to a downtown church, and apparently we are the only people who immediately felt after prayer that what we need on a mid-day on Sunday are some cocktails and some amazing food. No one was there at all. Well, the owners were there. :) Nobou has a smaller menu at lunch, and we ended up ordering three entrees even though we were full with two because we just had to try more - it was just so good. They used their own homegrown purple basil in several of the drinks and dishes and because I raved about it so much they cut me some and sent me home with a big bunch of basil! How nice is that?! I wondered how a place could have such a high rating with 103 reviews - really, that many people loved it? Yep. Now I see why. Wish I was downtown more. Also wish more places had non-brunch Sunday food. Cause I like myself a cocktail and a nice lunch on Sundays. :)
What a find! Maybe being from out of town helped me appreciate Nobuo a bit more. First, the restaurant is in a restored bungalow residence. An extremely quaint reception and the space restricts the number of tables and provides focus on the food. The entry is warm, although, I don't think I would want to be seated in the single foyer table. Tonight I was flying solo so I ate at the bar. They go out of their way to explain the dining experience. I had read the menu prior to going but I'm sure they've had people coming in looking for a sushi bar. I love how the small plate revolution is invading the American dinig experience. After traveling through Spain, I gained an appreciation not just for the breadth of different options it creates, but also for the group experience. Anyone who eats with me knows that if it's on your plate, it's fair game for me to taste. The small plate restaurant just legitimizes that and gives you a ticket to the show too. While they have an extensive sake list, I opted for an Orion to start. My first plate was the kimchi and dried shrimp. Amazing and I would attack anyone trying to hon in on this little wonder. Order your own! The cabbage has been wonderfully spiced and aged sufficiently to let the flavors get naughty with each other. Add to that a portion of dried shrimp and red pepper to add a salty and spicy component to show. I followed up with the Tako and Tomato. Another solid dish with house made mozzarella, fresh tomato and a lucious piece of tender grilled octopus. Finally, I completed the event with a Yellow Tail Cerviche. They allow their Cerviche to cure individually and the hamachi was a perfect protien to pickle. The services was as thoughtful and outstanding as their attention and respect for the food.
Upon the recommendation of a colleague, my co-worker and I decided to check out the goodies at Maui Dog. We were greeted immediately upon entering with a friendly, "Aloha!" by the young woman behind the counter. She asked if we had been to Maui Dog before and when we told her we hadn't, she handed us menus and told us a bit about the food and how to order. We could build out own hot dog or select from a "Shaka Dog" - one of their six creations. After asking a bit about the different sauces and toppings, we made our selections: the Island Dog for me and the Sunset Dog for her, plus tater tots and drinks (free refills). We paid, got our drinks, and sat down to wait. The decor is pretty simple but not at all boring or even gaudy. Hawaiian and island-style memorabilia adorned the walls. The tables and chairs are very basic but are comfortable. My friend and I took note of the patio seating outside (which overlooks Indian School) and agreed it would be a nice place to sit when the weather finally cools down. Only a few minutes passed before our food was brought out to us on a large tray. I don't think either of us swallowed our first bite before remarking how delicious it was! My dog was stuffed with an all-beef hot dog (I chose that instead of the standard all-beef brat) and was layered with juicy pineapple, shredded coconut, chipotle garlic mayo, and Maui mustard, which was one of the most delicious sauces I've ever tasted. I wasn't sure what to expect when she described it as a passion fruit mustard, but wow - I'm a fan. The whole thing was topped off with a generous helping of crumbled, extra-crispy (my request) bacon. The flavors all worked incredibly well together - sweet, spicy, salty, tangy, fruity, meaty - it was an amazing mix of food synergy. The tots were really great, too - super crispy and flavorful in a way I can't describe. It's almost as though they're fried in a flavored oil. Everything worked so well together. Midway through our meal, our waitress stopped by to check on us and make sure everything was ok. We assured her, though full mouths, that all was very well. Even though I was full, I had to get some shave ice to go. I have a thing for shave ice and feel compelled to get some anytime I find it. After looking over their very long list of flavors, I settled on tiger blood (cherry-coconut) and passion fruit. If I have to identify something at this place which is sub par, it would be the shave ice. It certainly wasn't bad, and the favors were very nice, but instead of using a large frozen block of ice, bags of ice cubs/chunks/pieces were used. I'm not an expert on the mechanics of shave ice, but I have a feeling this led to the very chunk consistency of my icy treat. It didn't stay light and fluffy like most shave ice does, but instead turned into something similar to a convenience store Icee. That's my only gripe, though, and it's not one which will prevent me from going back and enjoying some more shave ice. We overheard the owner talking with other customers while we ate. Some things to note: They are working on getting the drive-thru up and running. Call-ahead orders are welcome. Online ordering is in the works. For a place that's only been open for six weeks, this place has the makings to do very well in the area. Great job, Maui Dog. I look forward to going back again soon!
Been here twice now and tried two different dogs and two sides. Nothing was disappointing. I have tried both the sweet and spicy dog and the hana dog. Both dogs were great and had very distinct high points. The sweet and spicy does something very rare for me and actually gets me to enjoy pineapple mixed with other foods. I this dog had great flavors all over including the dog itself which was perfectly cooked and the right amount of heat. The hana was just a stack of messy amazingness that had a real mexican flair. The bacon is the real standout adding the great bacon flavor and a crunch that gives the textures some depth. The sides were good to. The chili is not some canned stuff and is good. The tater tots are just awesome though and nice crispy outside and that soft pillowy inside you crave. If you want a gourmet hot dog this place is not going to let you down.
Island. Dog. A-maz-ing. I love Maui Dog and you should too. I had always driven by it, but never stopped because it looks like a dive and I just had no interest in a hot dog. But one day I figured, why not....I have been there plenty of times since. The owner is usually there when I go, I have always seen the same cook and it is a pretty friendly little place. The atmosphere is kind of awful, although you can tell the owner really tried, so that makes up for it. I always get the Island Dog...I believe it's a beef bratwurst topped with bacon, their garlic mayo, spicy mustard, pineapple and coconut topping, all placed in a ginormous sweet bun. It's amazing. I could eat here everyday. Their chili and coleslaw is also pretty good and my brother seems to really enjoy their red cream soda. I had the 'shaved ice' once and only once because it was disgusting. But that still does not take a star away from this place with the amazing dogs. Try it, support small local business and you will not be disappointed!
I had my doubts about tropical fruit and beef, but this place proved me wrong. I had the beef sausage with mustard, pineapple, onion, cilantro, and some kind of "volcanic" spicy sauce. Also, the tater tots here might be the best tater tots I've had in a long time. The owner also was working the counter and was super helpful and friendly for recommendations. Heads up, there is an $8 minimum for cards here.
We will come back to this place. I had the chicken fried steak with baked potato and steamed veggies. Everything was cooked just right. I could cut the steak with my fork. The chicken corn chowder was "to die for". Service was excellent, everyone was really friendly. I recommend making the drive.
While visiting The Valley last weekend (1/12-1/15/12) we hoped to find a centrally located restaurant that served good meat, a drink and 'quiet'. What a pleasant surprised Dillons on Central proved to be. 6 of us ordered drinks, appetizers and a variety of meat dishes. Wow - great pulled pork, super service and a check that didn't break the bank. The 'silent' movies showing on the screen in the dining made for a good joke, any more dining out can be a giant noisy experience. Not last weekend at Dillons. I'll be back!
Loved lucky strick! Great bartenders, drinks, and the Brie cheese and apple quesadilla was the best I have ever had! Definitely go!
I had an opportunity to go back and bowl. We were able to bowl three games, sampled more delicious food, and played in the arcade. Everyone had a great time and our games are improving. The staff were all welcoming and excellent. Thanks again Lucky Strike!
Had the lunch special (fish, shrimp, hush puppies, sides). Fried catfish was finely breaded, tasty and not too greasy. Macaroni salad and coleslaw definitely homemade with a nice light flavor and texture, a good balance to the fried meal. Loved the hole-in-the-wall, family-run feel.
I signed up for the 2-week unlimited trial and have been going to different classes just trying to figure out what teacher and class best fits my needs. So far I love them all and every single one of the teachers is amazing! The studio of cozy and the staff is very friendly and definitly not salesy like some other studios in the valley.
Love this store!! Great place to shop for personalized gifts. They have tons of delicious smelling teas, which you can smell , taste and ogle over. My friend Kris and I stop by with my mom and we were impressed. They have ice teas, fruit teas, chocolate teas, white teas anything you can dream of. I am already imagining creating gift baskets with the goodies they have here. By the way , the prices are more than reasonable and give you lots of choices to contemplate. Stop in here to relax , shop or just get creative with tea! Love it!
This is the best tattoo spot in Phoenix! Very small art type space with 4 of the most talented tattoo artists in town. You cannot get a bad tattoo here. Very comfortable and friendly. I recommend to everyone!
I went to Golden Rule for my first tattoo and was extremely nervous before going in there. I worked with Alex and he put me at ease right away. He listened to my ideas and offered his suggestions, and together we came up with the perfect tattoo! Everyone there was so friendly and they really made getting my first tattoo an amazing experience. I couldn't be happier and would definitely go back to them in the future.
This was the first time I'd had work done at Golden Rule. Paulski did my tattoo and was amazing. I had a piece on my arm that was done about 6 years ago but I wanted to extend it. He did a fantastic job of making it look like it was all one piece. I also had an armband that was below the piece that I wanted incorporated into the work and hidden as much as possible. He did a really great job of creating a piece that distracted the eye from the armband. He was excellent but pretty heavy handed. Had to really brace myself!
My wife and I are planning to move from the northside/Desert Ridge area to Downtown Phoenix and this is exactly what we love about downtown! Awesome place to enjoy life! Music, food, fountains, festivities, architecture, pedalcabs, street vendors, art and the fine people we meet every time we come here. We love Phoenix and CityScape!
I love this place. Always friendly service and always delicious food! It has a unique friendly atmosphere that I love. I brought about 10 wraps to a work meeting once and everyone loved them. They're really health conscious and I like that you can get a wrap or a salad on any item. I would recommend this place to anyone.
One of those places you pass by a hundred times before stopping in. I'm glad I changed that over the summer after the lunch special caught my eye. I ordered the The Gringo that day. Unreal. I was completely hooked and proceeded to return a dozen times over the following month. I've tried nearly everything on the menu at this point. The quality is as consistent as the service and there really isn't much I don't care for. The staff is a blast and I always enjoy conversing with them. Orders are served up quickly with consistently fresh-tasting ingredients. I'm amazed there is only one location but understand that this is a sort of side project for the owner. Simply one of the best lunch spots in PHX.
I dined here with my wife and a friend the other night for a couple of hours and really enjoyed the food, the service (thanks Dan) and of course my dinner companions. I just can't believe I have never been here before the other night. My friend suggested this restaurant since he said he's been there a couple of times and has enjoyed it each time. He was treating so I didn't really care about the pricing. Somehow food always tastes better whenever someone else is footing the bill. We were celebrating some business referrals I sent him that turned into sales. We ordered a plate of Hummus, Feta Cheese and some other spread with pita bread which was just ok, nothing spectacular. We were served never ending bread all night, it was fantastic when dipped in olive oil. The appetizer that was the hit of the night for me was the grilled octopus. OMG - live a little people and step outside of your box and try the grilled octopus instead of the calamari. My friend had the Leg of Lamb with the green beans. He shared a little with me. It was a 3 star taste for me. The beans had a hint of cinnamon in them. My wife was stuffed with the appetizers and didn't order a main course. I had a Horiatiki side salad which is sometimes referred to as a Greek Hillbilly Salad. It normally consists of tomatoes, cucumbers, red onions, green bell peppers, feta cheese, olive oil, oregano and kalamata olives. The fresh ingredients made this salad a winner. I ordered the special which was Braised Lamb with Eggplant. The lamb fell off the bone and was succulent and eggplant had a mushy consistency and was a perfect complement to the lamb. The main course reminded me of the Greek Islands in Chicago. And I find out from reading the previous reviews that the owner and chef are from Chicago. No wonder this place rocks since I went home and crashed into a blissful food coma. So if you're looking for a home cooked dinner, go over to Athena and enjoy.
I've been here twice so far. The first time I just ordered a bowl of avgolemono soup and an appetizer of scordalia. I have to admit I was kind of testing them. Detroit has really really good Greek food and I've been to Greece before so I'm picky about Greek food. The soup was perfect. It had the right amount of lemon and a good consistency. The scordalia was good but different than what I'm used to. They add vinegar. I went back last week to try a complete meal. I was greeted with a bread basket full of delicious bread. I was extremely excited to see retsina on the menu. I didn't get a glass but I will next time I go. I got the Athena combination plate because I wanted to try everything. The lamb was delicious. I'm used to my lamb being braised in a tomato sauce but this was extremely tender and very flavorful. The stuffed grape leaves were amazing. I usually don't like stuffed grape leaves and I was almost going to ask my waiter if I could substitute something else, but I'm glad I didn't. They had a ton of meat in them compared to rice and the sauce was basically avgolemono soup without the rice so I loved it. The pastitsio was ok, it wasn't the best thing on the plate but it wasn't bad. The tomato sauce was really good though. Just a perfect hint of cinnamon, it wasn't overbearing in any way. My favorite was definitely the moussaka. It had a ton of meat in it and the eggplant was cooked perfectly. It also had a layer of potato in it which I'd never had before. The bchamel layer was perfect too. It was delicious and a wonderful consistency. Nothing worse than a runny bchamel! The sides were delicious too. There were lemony roasted potatoes, rice with tomato sauce and Greek style peas which I adore. I have to say that everything I tasted was PERFECTLY seasoned, not just with salt and pepper but with herbs and spices as well. I really wanted to try and dessert but I couldn't even finish my dinner so I got an order of baklava to take home with my leftovers! The interior of the restaurant is really beautiful too. I love how open and clean it is and the mural on the wall is lovely. The service here is also amazing. The first time I went in I chatted with my waiter for a bit and found out he's from the Detroit area too. The second time my waiter was just as great. Since I was alone he checked on me often and stopped to talk to me when he had time. I will absolutely 100% be back. Even if I can never get my husband to come here with me I will continue to dine at Athena Greek alone lol!!
Really good neighborhood cafe for breakfast and brunches :) I have been here like 4 times and each time, they had great service and good food. In terms of creativity of the menu, this place beats Cracker Barrel but does not have as adventurous a menu as Crackers and Co Cafe, down the road. The ambience is kind of like a comfortable neighbourhood eatery where u go to for dinner if you are too tired to cook. Comfortable seats, lots of natural light thru their diner looking windows and a staff that will probably get to know your name after a few times. Food wise, like what the other reviewers said, they make a mean biscuit. I know, not everybody is a big fan of it, so get their pancakes instead. They do put in some biscuit batter in it to give it a very different feeling. But dun just go there for biscuits haha, other stuff like egg and sausage, are very standard breakfast stuff. Do check out the portugese sausage instead of the regular ones, a lot more flavorful and a little spicy. I also had lunch here before, they have a smoked chicken jalapeno alfredo. I like it very much, its got a lot of chicken and quite a bit of cheese over it. True the jalapeno does not make it spicy enough for my liking, but its fusion italian so I guess the jalapeno is to enhance its flavor and not dominate it. Also jalapeno in az is not spicy, if you want spicy pasta, maybe ask them to add a pinch of habanero to the sauce to spice it up. Its by far one of the best fusion pasta I have had before. I know its not those fancy fusion food where u get two bites worth of food and U are still hungry and end up with a big check. This is a pretty decent size plate which will keep you full and happy. I hear they have an excellent fish fry too on Friday, but like others who reviewed it, they seem to close a little earlier. But its fine, just go earlier if you really mean to eat there ! :) or else just do brunch there on a lazy weekend, you will likely be satisfied. Else let the owners know, they are usually at the counter or going around refilling coffee and asking if you enjoyed your meal and such.
Went for breakfast. Had the Biscuit Special. A big biscuit with gravy two eggs bacon and potatoes. The gravy was very good. Eggs cooked just right. Everything was cooked as I ordered. I would definitely go back.
I have been a customer since A Doggie In The Window opened this year. My two dogs are daycare clients, and they have been groomed, too. Brandon is an extremely talented groomer, and both my dogs absolutely adore him. They return home happy, tired, and looking beatiful. I would recommend this place to anyone.
There are a lot of great things to be said about Brandon and his approach to grooming. This place is laid back, unpretentious, priced accordingly and on top of that, B knows just what he's doing. He's calm, cool, and collected and manages to put my most nervous dog at ease. He's confident, organized and just an all around nice guy. His grooming is meticulous. And I trust him completely with my four-legged babies. That's half the battle of finding a good groomer. Brandon's even babysat my most skiddish of the bunch--who I was afraid to put in a traditional boarding scenario.
Once again, Brandon is the cat whisperer! This is the second year I've taken my grumpy cat in for a summer shave. When I drop her off she's hissing and threatening to pee on my pillow out of vengeance, and when I go pick her up she's purring and so happy she doesn't want to leave! He's amazing! The only reason why I marked him lower last time was because it's tricky to get an appointment set up... indeed he's bad about checking voicemail and calling you back, as other reviews note. I'm over it. I just call him a couple times until I get him and book the appointment. I won't take my cat anywhere else!
ONE huge problem with this place - the cupcakes are addictive. I think I need cupcake rehab, and it's all because of them! I noticed this place before it opened, I live in the neighborhood and once it opened I stopped in to try it out. I've tried almost all of the flavors, and I never liked red velvet until I had theirs, which is heavenly!! Sometimes, my boyfriend will stop by on his way home from work and surprise me with one of their cupcakes. The cupcakes are so amazing that I have to talk myself out of going there everyday, good thing they're not open 7 days a week or I'd be in trouble!! I recently had family come to visit from out of town, and I made sure to get them cupcakes before they left - now they can't wait until their next visit for some more cupcakes - that is, if they're any left after I get to them!!! :)
Ordered six different flavors in advance. Perfectly packaged - perfectly delicious!
Dropped in here one morning to get a latte and a sparkly blueberry muffin at about 8am on a week day and it was DEAD. But I bet this place is happenin' at night on the weekends. There are a ton of seats, checkers games, books, magazines, comfy chairs... and it's huge so there's plenty of room so you aren't in someone else's space when you just want to friggen write a report. I got the toasted marshmallow latte... yummy. I kinda wanted it to be a little creamier, but it was still tasty. I also had a sparkly blueberry muffin. They get their muffins from someplace in Tempe who puts sparkles on their baked goods... and it really was good.
This is by far the BEST coffee shop I have been to! I'm a student, and I prefer to study at coffee shops so I have been to quite a few around the valley and can honestly say nothing compares to elevate. The people who work there are all extremely nice, the coffee is great (I prefer it to Starbucks for sure), crepes are amazing, and best of all is the atmosphere - perfect both for studying and for socializing. There's always plenty of outlets, lighting is great, as well as the wifi. Really there's nothing bad I can say about it, It's a fantastic place!
this dry cleaners does fabulous work. Leslie delivers exactly what she promises. I also appreciate that she is communicative and realistic about the services offered. I was bringing in several dresses that were not exactly easy to clean... but Leslie managed it. Everything was as promised and went as planned. Thanks!
I think I finally found a good cleaners here in Phoenix! I have tried a lot of them and I think American Cleaners has finally gotten it right. The prices are amazing... $2.25! The lady who helped me in the AM was super nice and chatted with me about the Voice and American Idol. The shirts came back to my liking! I am coming back here for all my laundry needs and to get a couple of suits dry cleaned! Thank you American Cleaners!
My husband just got done with his haircut and he loves it he keeps touching his head! He said the barber used a minty towel and massaged his head. We aren't from Phoenix but my hubby said every time I know I'm coming to Phoenix I won't cut my hair just to get it cut there. There was no wait super quick haircut (less than 15 minutes). We will be back, thanks again!
Picture this: It's early, you're cranky, you haven't had any coffee yet. Somehow, before heading to work, you find yourself on a gurney with no pants on. That was my morning. I headed to Rio this morning to get a Brazilian. Not the most peaceful start to a day. Sara was my esthetician and she was beyond amazing. She was gentle, efficient and absolutely hysterical. She kept me laughing throughout my 45 minutes of genital torture. I almost forgot why I had no pants on and a woman between my legs...that's how much fun we were having! Sara is a total pro and a perfectionist. She made the whole process feel natural and not-so-awkward. Which, believe me, is hard to do when you're face deep in...well, you know. I'll be back to Rio! Sara is a true gem!!
I went to Rio Wax salon for the first time yesterday and got a Brazilian wax by Kelly. She did a great job -- definitely one of the most thorough waxes I have gotten before. It's a bit expensive, much more than what I pay at my usual lady in LA, but I was in a time crunch and needed an appointment ASAP. Kelly is fast, thorough, and a great person to chat with. She makes an uncomfortable and painful situation fly by! Definitely recommend. :)
JJ and his team are true professionals. I needed a service and was having some trouble with fluid leaks under my truck. He determined it was a broken seal, called a dealership and arranged for me to get it fixed under the powertrain warranty. He saved me a lot of money and was very thorough in evaluating my vehicle. They also gave me a ride home and picked me up which was really nice. I am happy to have found a shop I can trust! Seems rare these days.
I would give these guys 100 stars if the option was available. I have been going to see JJ and his team for the past 2 years. I am a business owner and drive for a living. Over 90,000 miles have been put on my truck since going to C & R tire...they handle 100% of the work on my truck and its going strong. I buy all my tires for my truck and trailer here and besides getting the best tires they are the cheapest around. They always get me in when I need to get in and are fast and dependable. I have sent several of my friends and clients there and they were completely satisfatied as well. Check em out, you wont regret it! Great job guys!!
I have yet to be disappointed with this place! This is a great new bar in Phoenix! Happy hour is never a disappointment and the drinks are awesome! The Pom is my favorite drink and it comes with a kick! I haven't found an item on the menu I haven't liked. I've had a little bit of everything on the menu. The nachos are my favorite with the homemade chips. The grill cheese was my best pick for dinner. Bacon and pears was a fantastic addition to this sandwich. Pair this sandwich with the sea salt & vinegar shoestring fries to complete the dish. I can't wait to go back to try the Mac & Cheese. This place has it all: great food, great drinks and an awesome atmosphere!
Great food very creative and they serve Blue Label Scotch!!!
The Roosevelt was closed in June during First Friday so we looked on Yelp for another bar we could go to close by and found Bliss ReBar. Too bad I forgot my ID in another purse so we couldn't go. Fast forward two months later, tried to go to The Roosevelt, still closed (anyone know what's going on there?). We remembered this place from last time and went here. There were 5 of us and we were promptly seated inside. We were looking to get a few drinks but most of us hadn't eaten yet so this was going to serve as dinner too. Our server was very personable and accommodating. I split the grilled cheese with my boyfriend and it was delicious! The pear was a great touch (we got it w/o the bacon) and very different from any other grilled cheese I have had. We also got the September special bruschetta which came on their pretzel bread (amazing). There were 3 kinds: an olive based one, a mozzarella with pesto sauce (I think they forgot the tomato on it since our friend ordered it and got a slice), and a cucumber-chipotle based one. I had the first 2 and really liked them. Everyone else's food looked delicious and they were all happy with their orders. The price wasn't bad either for food and a few beers. I would definitely come back here again. The other side was pretty poppin' by the time we left around 9pm and looked more like a bar scene. Maybe we'll have to try that side out next time we're in the area.
I have try this place again today Sunday night and the service was much better. Getting served by the GM awesome service and food.
We love Rebar! The food is fabulous and consistent, the drinks poured well and the staff beyond friendly! It's our neighborhood joint where everyone feels at home. Salmon, grilled cheese, burgers, meatloaf, bacon-wrapped pork, wings....all yummy!!!!!
Very yummy food, great service, the owner really cares about his customers and their wants/needs. Highly recommend for quality Mediterranean food!
Although they have changed their name they havent changed the qualityof the food. One of my fav places to eat...
Talk about fresh. The pizza had chunks of homemade mozzarella. The arugula salad had the most amazing dressing. The spaghetti and red sauce...outstanding!! The french vanilla cake was out of this world! Open for only 2 months, this place will soon have long wait times so I recommend you check it out soon to meet owner Michael and his cronies. Great guys!
Enticed by the lunch club of the day offer of homemade mozzerella but unable to go the day of the coupon I wandered in today for a late lunch. Being a solo customer can often be unpleasant but I was surprised by the friendly and quirky (in a pleasant way) owner or perhaps it was the manager. I was a bit on the later side for the buffet that looked lovely but opted for the Proscuitto pizza since it offered the mozzerella I came in to try. The pizza was wonderful and crisp just the way I like it and the mozzerella did not disappoint. The owner ? offered me a sample of the buffet and I must say the chicken marsala was amazing with the perfect blend of marsala wine to be able to taste it in the meal unlike some places that it is more of a hidden taste. I will be ordering that again. I was asked what kind of wine I enjoyed and after saying a syrah was offered a glass of wine (complementary) to try. I did find that I enjoyed the wine offered as well as the conversation about a bi-monthly wine tasting event they have that I will be sure to attend. All in all a hidden gem that I could see as a great stop in after work place as well as for a meal. Worth stopping in and trying. The decor is pleasant and they have both outside tables as well as inside.
Great neighborhood joint. Friendly, good food. Just what we need in Ahwatukee. Jury was out for a while after new ownership but they have made the switch without changing much, except for the better. Lefty has a firm grasp on what tastes good and what people like. Try the happy hour bacon cheeseburger for 5 bucks. Its bigger and juicier than it deserves to be at that price. For another 5 you can add enough handcut fries to feed the table. Bruschetta's good. Salads good. Caprese is now whole instead of chopped, thank goodness. We love the pappardelle & ragu. Lefty just reconstructed the pizza from a lavish to soft flatbread. More fattening but truly tasty. And his NY cheesecake rivals the best we've had in the big apple. In the bar Erik and Frank shake up a mean martini (try the Square One cucumber gimlet) and happy hour prices are worth the drive. Good ambiance, eclectic crowd and live music make it a fun night out for anyone. I just hope it sticks around longer than past eateries in this location. Keep up the good work guys!
I use this place every time I need a car wash. It is quick and the guys working are always nice and helpful. I was able (can't quite remember when last year) to spend $20 on a gift card and receive an additional $20. Pretty awesome! It is a great place to get a basic car wash!
Don't come here if you want a good time and good food. Come here if you want a great time and awesome food. The atmosphere is always laid back, with all the games you could watch and more on the multitude of big screen TVs. Super friendly service, and did I mention the food? Aunt G's spicy Mac and cheese is not to be missed, and if you're really hungry check out the "training camp"option hidden in the menu. The Daily specials are a little confusing but there's always something for every palate. I don't think I could rave highly enough about this place. It is my foodie destination of choice when near Desert Ridge.
I have a soft spot for Ace because they are not these huge warehouse tool stores. Conveniently located, great layout and friendly service. I get personal service without having to search for employees. Great deals here and just the wonderful small business feel to it.
Alis Macias and his crew were fantastic! I called on Wednesday after reading other great reviews on Yelp. Alis called back right away and set up a time for Friday. He and his crew arrived promptly at the agreed upon time and proceeded to transform our entire yard in only two hours (for a very reasonable price). He saved us a week's worth of hard labor and possibly a trip to the emergency room after our disastrous attempts to take care of it ourselves. They definitely know what they are doing. I would not hesitate to recommend Macias Landscaping - thank you!!
I am in awe of Alis Macias and his crew! I had a 45-foot tall palm tree in a tiny corner of a tiny courtyard that I wanted removed. There was literally about 10-square feet in which to work, although some potted plants on one side of it could be moved. Alis texted me to let me know he was running a bit late for the bid. I completely understand that it's hard to predict to the minute when jobs will be done, but I really appreciated the communication. When he was on his way he texted me to say that he'd arrive in 10 minutes. He showed up right on time, took a look at what I thought was an impossible situation, quoted me an excellent price, and said they could remove it right then! And no, it wouldn't be necessary to move the pots! It took them all of 20 minutes, and the palm tree was gone! (I did not need to have the roots grinded, which would have cost more.) I have rarely, if ever, had such a professional experience with a landscaping crew, and I wouldn't hesitate to use Macias Landscaping again.
i come to Brick often and think that it is a great new addition to the AZ center. They offer cheese plates, delicious and out of the ordinary pizzas, as well as an awesome happy hour from 11-630! One of my favorite places downtown to grab a glass of wine and a quick bite.
I heart happy hour @ brick! $3 four peak brews (and they even have peach, my favorite) and a selection of half price delicious happy hour food Everyday till 6:30 p.m. perfecto. The music is great, location is nice. Service is awesome! I can ride my bike there and park it just outside the patio. My new favorite spot.
I was doing a lil shopping at Norterra & saw this cute store while I was down the way at Victoria's Secret & Bath & Body Works, I knew I had to take a peek. When I 1st walked in I was a little overwhelmed with all the merchandise. But as I walked around & looked at everything I was able to take it all in & had a lot of fun! I love that everything is color coordinated, every OCD persons dream! I had my hubby with me so I tried not to take too long, but I could seriously spend a couple hours in there. I didn't get much but I know I'll be back frequently. Picked up some cute, black chandelier earrings with a chunky necklace to match. Such great prices too, both items were less than $20. Can't wait to return!
I contacted Phoenix Towing a few months ago when I managed to kill the battery and I also didn't have a key (just the clicker) to unlock the door. As a result, I needed a jump and I was locked out. I was in South Phoenix at the time after work and the guy who was on call arrived in about 45 minutes which was reasonable considering he was coming from North Phoenix during rush hour. I believe Mark was his name and he was super friendly and helpful in making sure I was able to get everything running again for a decent price. He also followed up shortly after I left to make sure everything was okay and that I wasn't having any additional issues. I have kept his card and I will definitely be calling them for any other car issues I have in the future.
Visiting a friend and came across this place after she INSISTED I come down here. I was reluctant at first, since I'm not really into anything beautified and fancy. I was also really worried that it would be insanely expensive. I was also worried I wouldn't like it and the trip would be a total waste of time. Well, all of my worries were for not. I enjoyed the experience, probably too thoroughly. My friend assures me she doesn't go here all the time, but I know if I lived here, I would. The owner is great because she is really friendly and outgoing. She is very good at keeping her store well-run. She also has a wonderful eye for fashion. AND, despite my worst fears, there were actually items in the store that I could - you guessed it - afford!!!! Will I go back? That depends on if I ever visit PHX, Arizona again, but if so, I'll be the one dragging my friend to this place. Can't resist the urge to shop till I drop at this boutique....I picked up more clothes than I had room for and actually had to buy a second suitcase to bring them back!
We love New City Church! We have an almost-4-year-old and an almost-2-year-old that attend with us and go to New City Kids. They love their teachers and activities, and it really makes it easy for us as parents to enjoy the service. Pastor JJ really makes us feel welcome and a part of the NCK community! The teaching for adults is always great, but the best part is the worship... You should probably check it out - Sunday services at 830, 10, 1130 and a 530 PM service is starting on 9/15/13
Wow is all I can say. I got AMS's number through a Friend that said this company is Top Notch. I called to try and schedule a yard cleanup and Eli said he was currently in the area and would stop by to give me a bid within a hour. One hour later I get a e-mail with 3 pictures of my yard in its current condition and a reasonable price that stopped me from shopping anywhere else. The job was done two days later from a three man crew that cleaned up after they were done. This is the way business should be done, it would save me a lot of headaches . I will be using AMS Landscaping in the future. Thanks AMS
Love them. Eli is a pro, and the yard looks very maintained, with no weeds. I pay $80 for monthly service, and to have the ability to pay with a link online which is awesome. I would prefer all vendors go this way... cash and checks are just totally out of the question for me (you can tell this for my snarky "cash only?" reviews...) On top of that, the yard looks great!
Very easy and convenient location, upon arrival greeted promptly at gate and given voucher for free cookie from Paradise Bakery (airport location only) -score. Was directed to parking and told a shuttle would be to get me shortly, they were there before I got out of my car. We made a few other stops through the lot, then werre onb our way to the airport. When I returned I left baggage claim and found their shuttle and jumped on. Overall I had a great experience, wished the airport moved that smoothly. The process was in an out. I payed and reserved spot online so I got a discount!
If you're coming to Sky Harbor from the East Valley, this is the place to park. Easy on/off the 143. Safe, well-lit lot. Very clean, well-maintained vans. Really friendly helpful drivers. Coupon for free cookie in the terminal. It's the first-class portion of every airline trip I make.
Makes travel almost painless. Easy to find and they pick you up at your car. Drop off is at your terminal. People are very friendly and helpful. If you follow Groupon, you can buy a discounted rate. Covered parking is so much less that at Sky Harbor Terminal parking.
I called on the morning of my problem and they were ready to get started as soon as i needed them to. The plumber was very nice and showed extreme professionalism after he was done by leaving my bathroom looking better then he had found it. I would highly recommend this plumber. They did not over charge me and gave me a 6 month warranty. WOW!
Freddy's pluming came out to fix a clogged sink. After he left we had another drip problem from underneath the sink. They came back the next day and totally re piped the system free of charge. Great service and follow up from these guys. Very happy we called Freddy's!
Big Guys has done a fine job making a "strip mall bar" a potential favorite. Service was fast and friendly. I did not eat, but friends did and the food looked and smelled high quality. Drinks reasonably priced and good pours. Eclectic crowd... Though gentle mannered and quite a bit of fun! Bathrooms were clean and uncrowded. Flat screen TV's had a variety of events. The open atmosphere and overall cleanliness had a welcoming feel. The tables, however were mildly sticky with paint. If you like a non-"clublike" bar with a chill feel this place is for you. Good crowd for a Thursday and seems to fit "all walks of life". Have a pint of a great beer selection and cheers to ya!
I haven't written a review in ages, but this place is SO GOOD that I'd be ashamed of myself if I didn't review it. I am the most hyberbolic person in the whole world in the history of time, but this time, when I say that it was the best pancakes I've ever had, I'm not kidding. Just insanely delicious. Scrambled eggs were also some of the best I've had (and come on, they're scrambled eggs, so you don't expect that much variety), and the breakfast potatoes were very good. I couldn't pinpoint the seasoning, but it's different than you usually get. Coffee: Yum. I don't think I'd even heard of Arbuckle's, but apparently it's got a great reputation, and deservedly so. The owner Joe stopped by our table, and was super nice and genuine. Service was just fine too. I'm sure Joe's will get a reputation and huge following soon, so believe the hype and check it out.
Can't say enough good things about this place...from the service, to the atmosphere, to the food, everything was EXCELLENT!! Visiting the area from Ohio, and so glad we stopped here!! LOVED IT!!
Yesterday I ventured out to the new buffet off of Northern and 12th Street. I took my son with me before our near ritual of Sunday shopping at the 99 Cent Store and Fresh and Easy. We were the first ones in the restaurant that day. The place is relatively large and has an amazing selection of food. My son who is 4 years old found all of his favorites including pizza, noodles, rice, egg drop soup and watermelon - he was in heaven! It is simply the best place to take a four year old if you want him/her to eat! It was only $2.99 or $3.99 for him. I was extremely happy with the selection of seafood. They had two types of crab - one steamed and one baked; numerous types of shrimp, kimchee, octopus, chicken/beef broccoli, miso soup, chicken, duck and quite a bit more................. Even the deserts were excellent. I believe that the adult price is $8.99 (a bit lower if you are over 65 - I am not there yet). I have to say it was the ideal Sunday brunch.
I have always wanted to try scuba diving...but my fiance wasn't quite as enthusiastic! We went into the Academy of Scuba, just down the street from our house, simply to inquire about how much went into getting certified! After almost an hour of talking about the amazing things you can do when you're certified...even my cynical fiance was ready to jump in!! Tanya was an amazing ambassador for the sport....she was enthusiastic and understanding! She could tell my fiance needed to get over her fear....and that I needed to reign in my ambition! We're certified now....and there is a lot that goes into it! But its the most exhilarating and tranquil things you will ever experience!! The Academy of Scuba will show you how its done!!!
Acadamy of Scuba is great for new or old divers. I love this place. I found AOS in October 2012 when I moved back to Phoenix. I remember driving by this place years ago and always wanting to stop in, but I never did. Evidently, AOS opened in this long-time scuba spot in 2012. I first came here in October 2012 to take the Rescue Diver class. The class was great. It was taught by CG Durda, and it really was thorough. At AOS, the classes--especially the advanced classes--aren't just about accomplishing the bare minimum. They usually add tons of extra activities so that you are really learning and benefiting from the instructors' extensive experience. Most of the instructors have hundreds or thousands of dives and have dove in all sorts of conditions. AOS's model is "the dive shop that dives," and that's really true. Everyone who works there considers scuba diving their passion. When we had our open water dives for Resuce, there were tons of people out at Lake Pleasant just diving or hanging out between dives. AOS creates a community for divers, and anyone can become a part of it. As an outsider, I was immediately made to feel welcome, and I was told all about the meet-ups out at the lake for diving. If you don't have a buddy, there is always someone you can join. Continuing on the social note, AOS has two monthly socials a week. I typically am pretty introverted and don't partake in such thing, but I made myself go to one--and now I go all the time. Why? Because now I have a ton of friends in the dive community, and this is a regular way to meet up, talking diving, or just hang out. There are all sorts of people in this crowd--from heart surgeons to construction workers--but the constant between everyone is friendliness and a love for diving. AOS also has tons of trips, and what is great about that is it isn't just a ticket clearance office, but a hub for dive trips that puts together lots of Phoenix divers. In April 2013, I've already booked a trip to Roatan, where the entire resort will be divers from Phoenix. Since I've been diving with AOS now for a few months, I know a ton of people on the trip. Plus, all the dive leaders will be staff I've gotten to know and are comfortable with. On the learning side, I purchased their "complete diver" program, which is a ridiculously affordably priced package for multiple dive specialties. Since July, I've complete several additional specialties, such as dry suit, night diver, debris removal diver, fish identification, equipment specialist, underwater navigator, and DAN's DEMP course (which is a super comprehensive emergency first responder/O2 provider/first aid course). The instructors I've had include Dominic Diodato, John Flanders (owner), and Randall Medders, as well as a host of others who drop in to help out. All of ths instructors are incredibly patient and knowledgeable. There is no attitude of superiority here--even amongst people like John, who has had thousands of dives. I'm not naming all of their staff, but I have had experiences with most of them, and, while all have their different strengths and weaknesses, there isn't a bad one among them. There is always people hanging around the shop, and the indoor pool is often open just to come in and practice skills. The selection of gear is good, and what they don't have at the store they can order for you. Prices are a little higher than online, but I'm ok with paying a little more to have a local store to check things out. I think they have price match, though. In talking with the owner, I know that there is a method to the way they stock their store. For example, while there aren't tons and tons of wetsuits always sitting around, that is because wet suite degrade, and they won't sell a customer a wetsuit that's been sitting on the shelf a year and lost some of its insulating abiltiies. ASK if you want something you don't see. Both Dominic at the Metro location and Tania at the Paradise Valley location are very accomodating. I've had an opportunity also to observe open water classes and discover scuba diving. Personally, I've referred several of my own friends to AOS. They are extremely thorough, never compromise PADI standards, and, as always, add additional experiences to enhance the class. The instructors are patient and will work with any skill level, age, or fear. I know they have people specialized to help students with physical limitations, for example, and they work with a lot of kids, as well. I've always been pretty picky about what dive shop I use, because I want to be able to trust the people helping equip and train me for what can be a hazardous environment. AOS has never let me down. And more than that, I've met a ton of people that have become my friends. I've always loved diving since I first dove 15 years ago, but I was always a once or twice a year vacation diver. AOS has allowed my to develop my passion through continuing education and being a member of an active dive community.
Had a great beef taco here and got a free soda for going to PV! *Now out of business*
I love this place. I always have a wonderful experience here. Everyone is friendly and makes me feel at home.
Made reservations for their Christmas buffet dinner yesterday and had a wonderful time...the food and service were outstanding, and the ambience made for a very special Christmas feast. I would love to do it again next year! thank you thank you thank you!!!
We had a great experience! I took my 3 year old son for a routine check up. They were very patient and never made him uncomfortable. He left the Dentist with a big smile and wants to go back. You can't beat that!
What a pleasant experience, the entire staff was friendly and helpful. If you are looking for a great pediatric dentist office " Every Kid's Dentist " is the place to go. My 5 year old refuses to talk to strangers and it is difficult to deal with her but they were patient and kind and gave her an electric barbie princess toothbrush she was so happy about it and now she can't wait to go back.
This place is brilliant! We drove to Le Napoleon last weekend to sample what it had to offer. We bought at least six kinds of pastries, eclairs and napoleon. Every one of those flavors was out of this world! I've been in the U.S. for the last five years and have never tasted pastry so good. The cream is so light and not very sweet which is very important to us. Everything was just right. We drove from Old Town Scottsdale, so it was quite a drive. However, it was worth every minute. We will be driving there soon for more. Thank you, Gerald!
Amazing experience with this place. I had talked to Justin a majority of the time and he was awesome!! I had originally gone to a mechanic that was charging me $1500 to fix the issues I had with my car. I thought that I was being played just because I was a girl and seriously know nothing about cars and the cost of fixing issues with cars. I went to D & W because it was recommended to me and since the first time I talked to Justin I knew that he was honest and definitely reliable with his services. He ended up charging me less than half of what I was originally quoted and got my car back as if nothing ever was wrong with it. I am going to be taking my Honda back to this place forever now, so glad to know that there really are trustworthy and honest mechanics out there. Thank you Justin!!
Been going back to these guys regularly since my first visit in early 2013 because they are awesome. Had a small oil leak and oil change and motor mounts replaced. They informed me an oil seal they installed had failed and replaced at no charge. They could of taken me to the cleaners, but they were honest. Hey, they also have great snacks in the waiting room too. Thank you!
If I had to pick one brick and mortar establishment in the entire Phoenix metro area, regardless of the service provided therein, to recommend to others with absolutely no worries, this shop would be it. They are that good. I've sent more business to D&W than I can remember in the last 22 years that my family has been using them. Because of D&W, I have exclusively bought Acuras since I first got my driver license. They are that good. These guys will tell you like it is with no bullsh*t. They'll even tell you when it's time to get rid of your car. If you own a Honda or Acura and live within 50 miles of D&W, there's literally no excuse to not use them. Don't blame me when some other shop screws up your Honda/Acura and overcharges you. Death, taxes and D&W - those are my only sure bets in life. I don't know what more to say.
Excellent! My wife and I went for the happy hour $1 tacos & $3 margaritas and we were not disappointed! Go for the soft shell tacos and order some guac on the side and Enjoy! Staff was friendly and quick and the price was right. Family friendly and has a little patio with about four tables if you like to sit outside. Definitely going back!!
I went to this location during the week for lunch and had the #11 Chicken Gyro. I thought it was kind of over priced when paying but when I saw how much meat was piled on and the large amount of fries, I think it was worth it! The meat had so much flavor and the onions and sauce were awesome! Mine was very saucy and not dry at all! I loved it so much I brought my husband here the following Saturday. I had the same meal and it was equally as good. This time I saved half because it was wayyy to much food for 1 meal. My husband had the #3 Steak Kabob. Steak chunks were huge and flavorful. Smaller than the gyros, but just as good. More authentic Greek and blows Pita Pit and those type places out of the water. We go to a lot of places in this strip mall and the meals are about the same price as Bajio, Jersey Mikes and Panda Express. The price is average for the amount of food. I would like to eat here once a week and try different items.
Art and thrift clothes, memorabilia and jewelry. This place is so cool and a must see-stop if you're in Phoenix. The owner was so knowledgeable about the local art scene and really helpful; gave us the best complementary jamaica drink ever. You'll find some very cool threads and buy some sweet local art there. I have been to many thrift stores yet I have never been to such a cool thrift art store like this before. And girls, the dresses looked really cool here. Guys, sweet t-shirts (about $6) of all sorts.
They just replaced my Honda Civic windshield and I must say that I am very pleased with their service and quality. The window looks great and the service man was very nice. Will be using again and recommending! Also, I shopped around and they are the lowest price I could find.
Anthony Heckens is the absolute best and working with SafePro is easy and highly recommend this company.
The maids arrived on time, and took extra special care with everything in our home. Worth every penny, even if I missed a discount extended to online inquiries. This is a professional service, and it shows. They practically remodeled my daughter's room. I wish I had pictures- I didn't know if she even had a floor anymore, but after they were done, it was beautiful and organized and inviting. They take care with all personal things. The amazing thing is that it was done in an efficient, timely manner, and the clean scent of the clean home lingered for days afterward. They do the little things that count to show they've completed their work- folding towels and toilet rolls into gift wraps like on a cruise ship, for one thing. Dont go with anyone else. These people are safe, and standardized, and use their own cleaning supplies.
We hosted a Birthday Fiesta at our home on April 30th for 125 guests. We hired Carte Blanche Gourmet Tacos to cater. The owners, Shantal & Alana were amazing to work with. They are extremely professional and paid attention to every detail. The food they prepared was exceptional. The Portobello Mushroom, Steak & Chicken tacos were addicting. As were the sides; rice, beans guacamole & pico de gallo they prepared. Our guests have not stopped raving about our party. We always try to have something unique and unexpected at our parties, as well as fabulous food. We accomplished BOTH of these things with Carte Blanche. We highly recommend them and would use them again! Susan and Michael Kelley
Thank you AMEX! Was lucky enough to enjoy a complementary preview dinner here on AMEX. I was thoroughly impressed by nearly every aspect of this place. The atmosphere is dimly lit, and very comfortable...as Kirstin E. said, think Houstons. As stated, the bar is huge and unique in that they have the entertainer sitting behind the bar, with the bartenders. The guy singing the night I was there was very good, and was not too loud that you couldn't converse (pet peeve). The whole staff seemed extremely attentive and courteous. Seeing as dinner was free, our kind and attentive waitress Christi , encouraged us to try as much as we'd like, and we did. They change their menu seasonally, and naturally they were on Autumn. In addition to their seasonal menu changes, they have a side menu which changes every week, using the freshest ingredients available that week. (Hence the name Seasons 52...) Started with: -Caramelized Crab & Shrimp Stuffed Mushrooms = Covered in toasted garlic and Parmesan cheese, amazingly tasty. -Artichoke and Goat Cheese Flatbread = Was the flatbread special of the week, and was delicious. The flatbreads are extremely thin and light, yet packed with flavor. Perfect appetizer for the table to share, for those that don't like to get stuffed prior to their entrees. -Chicken Tortilla Soup = Was the special soup of the week. Delicious, southwest cumin flavor. Not brothy, yet not thick. I hate when tortilla soups are thick and cream based...this thankfully was not. Salads: -Two people at the table had salads (I did not), one Greek and one Arugula. Both were from the "Small Salads" section of the menu...which coincidentally were not small at all. Both said they tasted good though. Entrees: -Grilled Mahi-Mahi with ponzu glaze and rice & vegetables = Was the weekly fish special. Perfectly grilled with a flavorful ponzu sauce, served over fresh snap peas and bok choy, along with steamed rice. -Cedar plank Salmon = Served on its own individual cedar plank along with fresh steamed veggis. The cedar plank made the salmon taste amazing as expected...full of that delicious cedar smokey flavor. -Grilled Boneless Rainbow Trout = The tastiest entree at the table. It was a huge piece of trout, grilled perfectly and simply seasoned. They also grill a piece of lemon for you to squeeze over it, which adds a wonderful zesty flavor. Desserts: -Sampled a bunch of their "mini indulgences," the Meyer Lemon Pound Cake and Key Lime Pie were the favorites...but all were wonderful. Love the size of these things. I've never been one to eat much dessert, simply because I'm too darn full after a good meal to indulge on dessert. But these are perfectly sized...and a great way to end your meal. -Even the coffee was very good too! All in all...I can't wait to come back and try more of the things on the menu when they officially open, going to have to pay for that meal though unfortunately! Which by the way, pricing is fair and reasonable given the outstanding quality or food. As the others have said....everything on the menu has 475 calories or less! Proof that you do not need food to be unhealthy for it to be tasty and satisfying! Highly recommend you try Seaons 52 when they open on Monday!
My networking group has just started meeting at Seasons 52 on a weekly basis in one of their private rooms. The menu was great, the food delicious and the wait staff very attentive. I am so glad to have this new restaurant the Biltmore area. I will become a regular patron outside of my networking events. As an interior designer, I find the decor to be elegant and very pleasing without being over the top. Well done!
Awesome Healthy menu! The staff is awesome making sure you have a great dining experience. I would definitely recommend Seasons 52 to anyone looking for great food and a great atmosphere!
Great concept! Awesome Atmosphere! Excellent Service! AND, oh yeah, a pianist in the middle of their bar! My friend and I came in when they were busy. The hostess said that it would be about 15-20 mins. It only took about 3. We ended up sitting in the lounge area. Very nice lighting. We were greeted by our server, Trey. He was very knowledgeable about the menu. He asked if we had been there before. Trey broke down the meaning of the restaurant's name and told us about how all of the food was seasonally inspired and less than 475 calories. We ordered our Iced teas and took a look at the menu. I was instantly drawn to the Mountain Chicken. My friend decided on the Garlic Shrimp with Saffron Risotto. We didn't know what to start with so we let Trey surprise us with one of the Flat Breads. Upon arrival of the Goat Cheese and Artichoke FB I was impressed by the presentation. It looks big, at first. But when I had my first bite it was very light and flavorful. GOOD CHOICE TREY! After leaving not a crumb of the FB we moved on to the main Course. My Chicken dish was very well prepared. The Glaze lit up my taste buds. That was definitely the highlight. It almost had a BBQ sauce overtone but was much more enlightening. My friend's Shrimp and Risotto was quite the dish. I tried a bit of each and I loved how the risotto wasn't too creamy. The Shrimp was done just right. I would highly suggest Seasons 52. Service is great and the presentation is on point. KUDOS TREY!
Always had great experiences and great service. Even one time for lunch thing ran a tad slow, the manager handled in an exceptional way. A place I try and visit at least once a month. Great food and service and healthier than most by far.
Pricey? YES. The food is AMAZING though. You will most def leave very satisfied. Took my boyfriend here for his birthday & he loved it (: very elegant set up as well!
Excellent is all I can say. Visiting Phoenix an was wandering by and decided to stop in for a bite and some wine. Sat on the patio and had one of the best afternoon lunches. Emily H. was a shining star with excellent service, suggestions and personality. Will make this a stop next time we are in Phoenix and will visit the Costa Mesa location when we return home.
I have been to lots of yogurt shops all around the Valley, and I think Orange Leaf is my favorite. It used to be Yogurt Builderz, but there are too many kids that run around that place. Orange Leaf has great yogurt and a nice selection of toppings. It is not too overwhelming. The yogurt is nice and creamy. I highly recommend.
Based on Yelp reviews, I saw Caroline for an eyebrow wax and a Shellac manicure. She did a fabulous job! The salon is running fantastic lunchtime specials - $10 eyebrows & $15 manicure ($25 for Shellac). The place is nice and Caroline is extraordinary. I will definitely go back.
Stopped @ Jobot for Beats -n-brunch after a great bike ride with some friends. The place was slammed, which is great to see. We pulled together several tables for our large group, but my friend who lives a few doors down had to bring some folding chairs from her house. The food: a friend and I split the Monte Cristo crepe (canadian bacon, smoked turkey, egg, swiss cheese with a side of raspberry preserves) and the cannoli crepe (sweet ricotta, shaved almonds and chocolate chips). Both were wonderful, but we especially loved the Monte Cristo. The tunes were great. I went next door to Made and bought a magazine, and we hung out for quite a while. The pedestrian and bicycle traffic on 5th St. made us feel like we were in a real city with genuine community. Lots of people had their small dogs on leashes, too, which was fun to see.
Late Night Problems... there are those nights at 2 am when every thing with edible food is closed. You pull out your mobile Yelp app. You search for restaurants that are open now.... and just some times, you find a rare 5-Star gem and wonder, "How could I have not found this place before today." JoBot Coffee is one of those places. Everything about JoBot screams hipster. It is in an ecclectic part of down town Phoenix, they serve as much local food as possible, it sits next door to a house-pub, it is in a house itself and the inside is retro-shic. AND It is open 24 hours on the weekends. I fell so deep in love with this place that I wanted to bring my cot and blanket and move in. The selection of crepes and specials is phenomenal. You walk up to the counter and order something good. This IS a coffee shop, so expect brekfast-like options with tasty salads and other things. Sit at the counter or a table inside or stroll to a table outside on the front lawn.... enjoy food. Repeat. Repeat. I can't wait for my return to this restaurant. I am sure there are more exciting things about this place that I have yet to discover.
The most AWESOMEST thing is it's open 24 hours during the weekends. This was quite handy since I had to find something not fast food nearby at 6am on a Saturday. #9 SAVORY ($8) - applewood smoked bacon & garlic herb turkey breast, jobot mixed berry compote topped with an over easy egg and powdered sugar - PERFECT blend of savory and sweet! - the turkey wasn't dry and quite flavorful - enjoyed every single bit of it. - wish I could find something like this in Los Angeles. CAPPUCCINO ($3) - solid with good coffee flavor - compliments the crepe very well SERVICE: staff was very friendly even if it was 6am in the morning. They steered me in the right direction as to what to order since the menu is so extensive! Food was made to order and served at just the right temperature. ENVIRONMENT: very quaint setting on the corner of Roosevelt and 5th St. It actually looks like a house from the outside. There is a large outdoor seating area which is awesome for when the weather doesn't get too hot. The inside seating is more like a homey coffee shop feel. There are actually seats at the coffee bar. Some may even say it has a hipster vibe. Overall, great place to check out in the Arts District of Phoenix. May not have the same vibe as Lux and definitely not as expensive. Parking may be difficult as it's a residential area. I would definitely recommend it to others!
This bank gives me faith in banking. I have had terrible experinces with *other* financial institutions. I am so grateful that in serving one is able to join the USAA family. I have never had one problem, complaint, nor issue with them at all. It's like being in a very exclusive club, without the fanfare. Thank you USAA!!!
Not much add that the other reviewers haven't touched on. I went in tonight with Kim T. to talk about the upcoming Great Cajun Cookoff and Food Fest. Knowing the Southern influence of the menu, we figured it would be appropriate to have a drink and an appetizer while pouring over the details. Ambience - Love this room! Open but not loud, very communal and comfortable. The devil is in the details - and BT didn't miss a step anywhere! Service - Was flawless - thank you, Court! This man knows the food and was great with suggestions! Drink - Kim and I each had a Miss Katie's Pimm's Cup. While I love ginger and cucumber together, I rarely order a Pimm's Cup, as I am not a fan of gin. Miss Katie's is made with vodka - problem solved! The only issue with this cocktail is that it goes down WAY too easy. This drink could get me into a whole lotta trouble! (Bring it on!!) I asked Miss Katie if they carried Abita Beer (one of our favorites, from southern Louisiana). She wasn't sure off the top of her head if they had it in or not, but was going to check. She came back a few minutes later with a bottle of Abita Amber and 2 frosty pint glasses - poured the bottle into the glasses for us to split and offered it to us, gratis! Now - THAT is beyond service! I've been to restaurants that offered an amuse bouche - but never one with an amuse beer! :) Food - Looking at the menu, we decided not to split an appetizer. Instead, we'd split an appetizer, a side and a dessert! The bread basket came with 2 fresh rolls with cheese, and one dark wheat roll - side of honey butter. While they were fresh and hot and tasty, I really can't comment on the butter, as we never touched it - or the bread on its own, as we used it to soak up the mustard jus from the grits and sausage appetizer.... I heard great things about the grits and andouille sausage appetizer - but was not expecting this level of amazing flavor. I've never really liked grits and couldn't understand why people did. Now I do! Turns out, I'd never had them made well. As Kim put it, they should be so rich you can hardly eat them. (And they were!) Not just andouille sausuage, either - there was also hot Italian sausage and a southwest chicken sausage - all from Schreiner's. (Yay for supporting other local businesses!) While I wasn't completely sold, Kim was stuck on the bacon and cheddar biscuits. But, what the heck. I like biscuits, I like cheddar and I love bacon - hard to make a misstep on this one, right? They're served with an apple butter, which Court strongly urged us to use. He was right! WOW! I think I may start craving these on a very regular basis! For dessert, I could not choose. Brioche bread pudding is on the menu. I LOVE bread pudding. That's one of my all time weakness foods. The fig and pecan pie sounded really good, as did Death By Chocolate. I asked Kim to choose...and she made it easy - we should make the meal a pork trifecta and have the BACON S'mores! (Yes, that's my picture of them..)YOWZA! Chocolate covered bacon, housemade marshmallow, graham crackers and peanut butter cream. The dish is so wrong on so many levels that it turns the corner and ends up being very, VERY right! While it's bad business to suggest skipping an entree - and there are SEVERAL I look forward to trying - the other reviewers comments about large portions are dead on. Granted, we started late and neither of us were super hungry - but the shared appetizer, side and dessert really was plenty for us and we left feeling full. Had an entree been involved, there would have been leftovers, or - worse - no dessert! Amazing place...what a great add for top notch places in the Valley! Casual enough for everyday meals, but quality and style to impress the out of towners, too! Beckett's Table - you are my new go-to!
Went tonight to try Beckett's for Father's Day, having heard great things. The place was packed when we arrived and smelled like the BBQ ribs that were on special. Great modern open concept, including a community table and an open kitchen. Our server, Cort, was informative and answered our questions about some of the menu items and we watched what others ordered as the dishes came out of the kitchen. We ordered the roast beets and salmon rilletes as appetizers and the beets were good but the salmon rillettes were great, the preserved lemon adding a sharp citrus flavor. The short rib entree was delicious and fell apart on the fork but the flavor of the Pork Osso Bucco Confit was unbelievably good. We tried the coffee creme brulee and the fig Pecan Pie and the pie definitely won out. The citrus ice cream they get from Crave was the perfect addition to counter the sweetness of the pie. can't wait to come back and try some of the other dishes we saw, including the steamed mussels.
Love this place. Inspired, creative, and beautifully prepared farm-to-table cuisine. Just got back from 2nd time here and it confirmed that the 1st dinner was no fluke. Nicely diverse menu, love the use of seasonal and organic veggies. Everything I've ordered or tasted here (Duck Three Ways entree special, Pork Osso Buco entree, various appetizers, sides & desserts) has been outstanding. Service has always been warm and attentive, even on an uber-busy Saturday night. Like the open kitchen and the whole vibe here; energetic but not too loud & hectic. Enjoyed the 50% off Sunday Night special on Arizona wines -- surprised my out-of-town snobby parents ("Arizona wine? That can't be any good") with a wonderful Keeling Schaefer Syrah. Prices are way reasonable (entrees $12-$21) for the quality and portions. A great evening out.
Awesome food and service!
What a gem! We had reservations for 6pm on a Saturday night and from the moment we entered till the moment we left, our experience was amazing. The place is homey and cozy with the delicious scent of good food all around. Think good old-fashioned American specialities with a savory twist. We were shown to our table and waited on with such attention that we almost couldn't believe it. Our water glasses never went empty, and we never sat for more than a few minutes without someone paying attention to us. The specialty cocktails were innovative, and the beer/wine list was very nice. And the food.... oh wow! We sampled the bread basket of cheddar biscuits, a chopped salad with all kinds of fresh veggies and a basil/champaigne vinaigrette, the 4-cheese grilled cheese & red pepper tomato soup appetizer, the savory cheddar bacon stuffing, and the extremely flavorful green chile pork stew. Don't let me stop there - the desserts were absolutely amazing. We shared the pecan fig pie, the coconut cake, and the chocolate bacon s'mores. Their homemade ice cream is so rich and creamy, it's sinful. This place is good for young people, first dates, families, celebrations, and anything in-between. Come as you are and enjoy!
great vibe, great service, great food. Appetizers; beet salad (didn't try it as I hate beets but everyone raved) butter lettuce salad (amazing) mac and cheese (pretty damn good) Brussels sprouts with bacon (yea, whatever, they still tasted like brussels sprouts to me - no thanks - but again everyone raved). Entrees; osso bucco (fab) green chili and pork stew (SO GOOD) short ribs (AHHmazing) and the burger (very delish, very) Deserts; coconut cake and the creamsicle creme brle - both very very good. The creme brle was definitely reminiscent of an orange creamsicle and the presentation of the cake was cool. check this place out - you won't be sorry. :-)
I saw Justin Beckett speak at the local Ted conference in 2011 so his restaurant has been on my radar for a while. Finally got the chance to try it last night and I have to say, it's a winner! They have a lovely menu of craft cocktails which I'm loving more and more these days. There's an art to bar-tending but there's a magical art to craft cocktails. My companion ordered The Farmhand and I ordered The Palmaire. Both were delicious but The Farmhand was really something special, particularly if you like gin. We started with the mac n' cheese. Definitely get the pancetta on it. Without it, I daresay it might be underseasoned. It was delicious! Definitely not your mom's bowl o' Kraft. Creamy bechamel sauce and house-made pasta. I rarely order pasta when I'm eating out but our waiter assured us that theirs is house-made so I ordered the sausage pasta. I rarely voluntarily consume sausage but for some reason, this dish kept calling out to me and I'm so glad it did. The pasta was fantastic and the sausage was outstanding. I am generally dubious of tube-meat but there was not a tube in sight! They source their sausage locally and it lacks the round Stepford shape of most sausages (which I admittedly find mildly disturbing). It came with a rich tomato sauce, stewed tomatoes and whole cloves of roasted garlic. My companion ordered the special which was Shepard's pie and he enjoyed it immensely. For dessert, he ordered the fig/pecan pie with the ice cream on the side (he is lactose intolerant which is sad for him but happy for me as I often inherit his dairy castaways). He said the pie was wonderful and I can personally attest to the fact that this ice cream might have been the best ice cream I've ever eaten. If ice cream and cream cheese had a really shady tryst in an expensive hotel, this would be the love child. It was ridiculous. Thankfully, there was only one scoop because I would have kept eating it, warning messages from my stomach be damned. I ordered the bacon s'mores which were fantastic. The bacon is chocolate covered and well done = WIN. (Recent forays into bacon-dessert have left me disappointed. Chewy bacon with sweetness is no bueno.) The marshmallow is clearly home-made and the additions of caramel and peanut butter were yummy. The service was great. The level of service was a little surprising given the casual-ness of the restaurant. Our water glasses were constantly refilled, silverware quickly replaced, plates immediately taken away - pretty fabulous. The menu is gluten-free and vegetarian friendly. Great dinner out and I can wait to go back!
Super tasty place -I go to Beckett's Table several times a month, and each and every time Beckett's delivers. I love the surprise of looking on the specials board to see what Chef and Company has created. The staff are very attentive and know the menu items in and out. I love the deviled eggs - they are always fresh and hot. I do not believe that they are microwaved as another reviewer has indicated. My opinion is the food is fresh, hot, and plated appropriately for the type of cuisine it is. Beckett's has been reviewed by others appropriately in my opinion, save for the recent 2 star review. It's a great place to take a date, eat with family and/or friends, or dine alone at the bar with the friendly bar staff. Beckett's is the best!!
Extremely impressed with Beckett's Table. Great vibe, O-SPOT ON service, from everyone who works there. Love the Kettle One $7 Martina's:) I am a fan - Great food, nicely priced, amazing service and we enjoyed all the male eye candy -- thanks :)
First time in and will return often with friends. Pamela our server rocked the menu including amazing specials. I would come back just because of her, she's that amazing. Check the pics of pork shank, trout, and a terrific summer salad. Wine list...yes!
YUM. This place is awesome. I am glad that everywhere we went before this that night had a long wait because I had been wanting to come here for a while. Our server was really nice and gave us some great recommendations. We tried the deep fried deviled eggs which I thought were really good (definitely an interesting taste, but a good one), and they were served with a really good hot sauce aioli. My boyfriend and I both got the short ribs which came highly recommended and they were AMAZING. Yummmm. So tender and great flavor, and the mashed potatoes were great as well. I got a red wine recommended by the server and it was really good too. Our friend got the osso bucco which I tried also. It was okay but I didn't like it nearly as much as the short ribs. Good ambiance and I will definitely be coming back. The patio looked really nice but it was way too hot on this particular day to sit out there.
Beckett's Table is one of the very best restaruants in the city of Phoenix; need I say any more!
My wife and I have visited a couple of times, and each time we were blown away! The food is perfectly cooked and full of flavor. The first time I ordered the house special which was St. Louis style ribs, and let me tell you, they were the best ribs I have ever had! The second time I went, I got the short rib, and it was delicious. My only regret so far has been that we have not saved room for dessert, I am so looking forward to the chocolate covered bacon!
Came here on Valentines day. I got the assorted breads with outlandish toppings. Tasted amazing. My fiance got the panini with soup. It too was amazing. The staff was friendly, and the food was bomb. Nice ambiance. Bartenders have a bunch of tattoos and powerful beards which makes them look intimidating, but in all actuality they're cool.
Six years ago I used A Master Mover to help with my move and the service was amazing. Well when it came time for me to move again I knew exactly who to call. Tim was just as punctual, affordable, and attentive as before. I didn't have any issues and the quote was reasonable and didn't change on the day of the move. I will continue to use this company and recommend the service to anyone else I know. You just don't find great customer service like this anywhere.
We went here Saturday to celebrate a birthday. My friends had never heard of this restaurant and by the time we were ready to go we were all talking about coming here again. It is a nice old house turned restaurant. We were seated in a back room with only two other small groups. It was quiet and perfect. The food was absolutely amazing. We will definitely come back. I can't wait to use their outdoor patio (looked fun with a fireplace).
Closed!
Amanda was very quick to reply and helpful with legal advice. Couldn't have asked for a better law firm.
My husband and I went into the baker's daughter for the first time today. OMG the chocolate is to die for. Also it trade free and from europe. the salt carmel piece was my fav. The cookie and cupcake were Delish. But The petit four was my da bomb:) We will be going back.
This store already has a good number of reviews so there is little I can add! It was a really fun shopping experience, from the employees to the layout ("there's a rack of cocktail dresses, there's the rack full of sequins...") to cute and clever hand-written quips on each merchandise tag. I was initially taken aback by the prices of the vintage t-shirts (around $20), thinking "I could find this at Goodwill," but then I remembered my countless unsuccessful trips to Goodwill... needless to say I left with a t-shirt plus an adorable 1960s Lily Pulitzer shift dress, for $30 after my Yelp coupon and the monthly special discount! Such satisfying retail therapy.
My favorite vintage store in the Valley. Antique Sugar has a huge selection and the clothes are in great condition. The prices are also very good. Check it out!
I recently signed up for United Pet Care and was looking for a vet for my dogs. So after checking out reviews here and elsewhere, I called and made an appointment to have my Chihuahua seen. Dr. Jarvis and all of the staff were awesome. They showed genuine concern and compassion towards my Chihuahua. It's been a while since she had seen a vet and she had a limp that I wanted to get looked at. I felt put at ease by the staff. Dr. Jarvis did a great job of explaining what was going on with my dog's leg. I had an x-ray taken of my dog's leg after Dr. Jarvis mentioned it but she didn't push getting the x-ray. So I'm glad I chose this vet and am looking forward to bringing my other dog in for her checkup. Thanks to everyone at North Kenilworth Veterinary Care for being so nice to me and my Chihuahua, Pinky.
Took our new rescue here last week. We saw Dr. Hansen. She was great with our sweet girl and very patient with us. I had many questions and she took the time to answer all of them. Our appointment was scheduled at 11:30am and they were running behind so we had to wait about 15-20 minutes, but if they were taking the same amount of time with other pets in the practice, I give them a pass. I might suggest booking a longer appointment for first time visits, as those usually take longer. Only two concerns, they did a heart worm test but did not tell us the price before doing so. I haven't had a pet in awhile so I didn't know it was not inclusive of the visit. It was only around $30, but I prefer to know the cost of services before they are rendered. Second, Dr. Hansen said she would call us the next day to follow up & I never got that phone call. Again, it's not like we had a procedure done where she needed to check on our dog, but I managed to come up with another question after our appointment was over & would have liked the follow up as promised. That being said, the fees seem reasonable and the location is perfect for those that live down town. We actually walked there which was nice. Overall great experience. We will be returning!
Excellent, excellent, excellent! Seems strange to me to have to search for a good hamburger yet this is what where reduced to. Went to 5 Guys today (first time) on the way back from a hike in Tonto Ntl Forrest. It was just like back home (Michigan) when I was a kid and good burgers were plentiful! Reasonably priced, very fresh and fast. Johnny Rocket, In N' out ish but better quality meat. Delicious.
Came back here a couple weeks ago when my niece was in town. This time, the bartender was our server. I can't remember what my niece had but she gobbled it up so it must not have been bad.... I had the roasted pork that was super good! I ordered another dark and stormy (as I did on my previous visit) but this time it came in a BIGGER glass and was just as strong as it was in the little glass :) and I was driving. So when she came back and asked how the drink was I told her it was good but a bit strong. She made a joke about her drinks being too strong, then brought me the remaining (almost full) can of ginger beer so I could dilute it, which was quite nice. As soon as lent is over, I'm going back!
Great service from Nikki, awesome tacos, especially the Baja Fish and Carne Asada. Also the new tres leches was the best I have ever had. Great restaurant all together.
I went here a couple days ago with a friend for a late lunch and the happy hour really blew us away. We discovered Fuego Tacos through this new iPhone app called Whistl, its great if you are a foodie! We started with the chips and salsa which were delicious. The salsa had a good, thick consistency, not watery like a lot of places. We had the Short Rib Sliders ($6) and the Spicy Vegetable Quesadilla ($6). The slides were fantastic. the red bbq sauce the put on it had the perfect amount of tang and sweetness. The quesadilla was huge! It was spicy, but not too spicy. Definitely a great vegetarian option. Both items along with the chips and salsa were the perfect size for a late lunch. I would definitely recommend this place, especially for the happy hour, about 10+ items all for $6! Aso, download the Whistl app on your iPhone if you want to see more great deals in your area, I've been using it for a couple days now and have already found some great new spots to eat! It's free and theres no ads or sign up!
Paul is Awesome!
As a novice to Pilates, I was a bit intimidated by the reformer. Accordingly my first few classes were brutal, but in the weeks since I've become much stronger and am always glad when I attend. Christina is an excellent instructor; friendly, upbeat and quick to make corrections and provide encouragement. The online scheduling system at IMX is pretty neat and super easy to use. Class sizes are small however I almost always get into the class I want by booking one week in advance. For classes that are full there is also a waitlist feature that has worked out in my favor twice now. Quick Highlights: The facility is always clean. Parking is a breeze. Super friendly environment. They sell water and Juice Core juices (also highly recommended).
Ish Salon is a wonderful place to have your hair styled or if you need a new "do". I recently had a bad color on my hair, I went back to Andrew at Ish because he has ALWAYS performed his magic with my hair and has it looking fantastic. Well he did it again. I promise not to go to anyone else when it comes to my hair. Ish is the best and they even helped me with my new IPhone. They are the BEST!
I have known dave awhile and he is superb. He is a visionary on how to cut your hair. He listens and is great! This salon gets 5 stars.
We have had all 3 of our siberian huskies fixed here, our male was a little complicated with a testicle that couldnt be found, but they did it with no complications, our two girls also got fixed and they handles all of our children like their own, Dr. Diskin is the best and the staff is second to none, caring and compassionate!
Had our air ducts cleaned, as well as the dryer vent. Were on time, professional, and did a great job. Did not try to upsell, which was a huge plus! I honestly feel like I was breathing better the first night. I had very bad allergies from cats, and feel like my breathing has greatly improved. Would highly recommend!
We needed to get our air ducts cleaned, and I had no idea where to start. I actually found Honest Air Duct Cleaning here on yelp, and I just had to add my positive experience to the other ones listed. Like others who have posted, I sent them an email and Brandon got back to me very quickly. Their pricing is straightforward and very reasonable. We scheduled the appointment for Friday afternoon from 3-5. Brandon emailed me around 2:00 and told me that they were running late because they had some complications with a previous client, and that they could still be there or I could reschedule. This was huge for me. I really appreciated that they didn't keep me waiting around all afternoon. We rescheduled for the following week, and I had my afternoon back. The day of the appointment, the technician arrived on time. He was super clean, and very respectful of my floors, walls and furniture. He was very careful with his ladder, and when he made a mess (duct cleaning can be messy) he cleaned it all up. I'm a bit of a clean freak, and I had no issues dirt anywhere when they were done. The whole appointment took about 2 hours, and I was very happy with the results. One minor point that I want to mention. They spray a sanitizer in the vents, and they warn you that your house is going to smell like a dentist's office for about half an hour. The smell is pretty strong. It's not a bad smell, but it's kind of medicinal. I could still smell it an hour later. However, we just opened some windows and it was gone soon enough. If you need to get your air ducts cleaned, these guys are great.
After looking at air duct cleaning deals on groupon and living social, I noticed that everyone that has used those services complained of a really hard upsell and poor quality of work. I opted to look for a different company that would clean the air ducts and dryer vent and would be upfront about their prices. That search brought me to honest air duct. They were very accommodating with my schedule (willing to come after 5 pm) and are very upfront about the costs. $10 per vent, $35 for the dryer, and a slight travel charge. The cleaning process took a bit over 2 hours and lance did a great job; going out of his way to make sure all the air vents were properly positioned and the house was maximizing airflow. There was no upsell and lance was very professional. I'm glad I decided to pay a little more to make sure the job was done right. I would recommend this service to my friends and family.
This is a wonderful place! The atmosphere is great, the food is out of this world fresh and wonderful. Had the Asian Chicken Salad and was blown away by the presentation and the price. If you want a gourmet meal that looks good, tastes good, at a great price I highly recommend GreenMix. John the owner like Jay V. said really makes everyone feel very welcome, and one of the sweetest person's you will ever encounter. Keep up the great job!!
This is a great place to eat. I have passed by this place several time and finally stopped in. I am so happy I did. I have to say for as great is this place is, I am surprised it isn't more busy. I got this chicken, Bacon, avocado panini that was amazing it was called the C square. They use this chibata type bread that is super soft and have this lemon herb aioli that just makes this sandwich it also comes with spinach, cherry tomatoesand blue cheese but I subed that for gouda. It comes with this what seems regular spring salad but it has this Asian dressing that just pushes your plain old spring mix salad to a whole new level. I will most definitely be going back.
Both things we tried were to die for. Even bought a large container of the house dressing to take home. Fresh ingredients. Chicken cooked perfectly!
Just wonderful! I came here for a girl's lunch and we had a great time. We ordered a bunch of different things, but the most exceptional was the classic curry. Perfectly seasoned, not too hot but plenty flavorful. Shrimp was good, hot pot was fun. We ate everything! If I'm looking for Thai, I'll be happy to return!
Happy Hour until 7pm- this is fantastic, many places end HH at 6pm so this was a nice bonus. 1/2 price appetizers as well. We had the deviled eggs, lamb chops and chicken wings. It was a lot of food with a lot of great flavors! The lamb chops were delicious, cooked perfectly and had the perfect amount of seasoning. The crowd for a Tuesday was mellow, there was live music. A great spot for a meal or just drinks. The Garage may be one of my new favorite picks!
Great food, great service and a great atmosphere for a small quiet place.
Top notch service at normal prices! Great food. Patio is quite pleasant. Big fan!!
Exceptionally friendly owners. Great homemade authentic food. I had a Cuban sandwich that was perfect. He even makes the guacamole. Latte was great too. The outdoor seating area was spacious and clean. Wish it was closer to my house. I'd go everyday.
We needed some sandblasting on some exterior walls. I called baja sandblasting and in the same day they came out gave me a very fair quote and did the sandblasting right then. They did an amazing job!!! Very very happy w them. I just called them back to schedule them to do some interior walls.
Their turkey wrap is AMAZING! Organic, fresh, and delicious. I always want to try something new but I always go back to ol' reliable. I love their house balsamic vinigarette as well! So yummy! Give them a try!!!
"Wow, this is better than Chipotle!" my friend said, before I had the urge to deliver a swift kick to her face. "That's not saying much at all!" I replied in disgust. There is NOTHING I can compare this to. Basically, it's 'Creole' food wrapped in a tortilla, or made in a quesadilla, or in a bowl by itself. I thought the idea of chicken + andouille sausage in a wrap wouldn't work, but I was proven wrong bite after bite. I haven't bought from a food truck in years, and I think I'm gonna follow this one around for a while. 5 stars because it's better than I expected, and there's nothing I would change. Delicious!
Great little "Hole in the wall". Smiling faces, good service and good food. Hope they like us, 'cause we'll be regulars ;)
A fantastic, inexpensive diner setting on the edge of an old shopping center. I tried the breakfast burrito with meat, bacon, and was amazed at the size of it when they brought it quickly and promptly. Delicious food, fast and friendly service, warm inviting atmosphere. I highly recommend this place and will definitely be back myself. Excellent prices make this a must.
The best yogurt shop I've been to! Why? Yogurt is fantastic,...fresh, no weird chemical taste like at some other shops,....made daily with fresh, natural ingredients. The owner, Duc (pronounced Duke) and his wife are awesome, friendly, genuine people. Great, bright, positive, clean, happy atmosphere. A neighborhood favorite!
Great restaurant, it was clean, spacious and had great decor. Ive eaten at a few buffets, and this has to be the cleanest one ive been to. Food was good, hot and fresh. Lunch was around $10 plus drink. Defenitely a buffet to visit and enjoy with the family. Mon - Fri before 4pm around $10 Sat - Sun Dinner after 4pm, around $13
I was a little apprehensive when hiring Desert Pool Cleaning because in general most pool cleaners I feel like are never upfront about what is wrong with your pool and always after the extra $ for repairs, chemicals, etc. but eventually cleaning my pool became a little too much work for myself. One of my neighbors recommended Desert Pool Cleaning and I'm so glad they did!! Ben is the owner and actually cleans all the pools himself, is VERY polite, very careful to always close and lock the gate to keep animals in the yard, and clear with how he bills (flat rate w/ chemicals included). I've chatted with him more than once and he makes me feel very comfortable and not worried about him being in my backyard at all. He also grew up in Scottsdale about a mile from me, small world!! I've already recommended him to friends fed up with their pool guy and I always like to support a locally owned business (as everyone should!!) and the fact that I can just call Ben to ask about the next time he's coming, rescheduling, etc. and reach him directly without any secretary BS is awesome. I guess I should also mention he does an amazing job on my pool, it looks 10 times better than when I was attempting to DIY and now I don't have that guilty feeling that I should be cleaning it when I look out my kitchen window.
Wow, wow, wow. My hubby and I have been wanting to come to Breadfruit for a while. My hubby has been to Jamaica and all over the Caribbean kiteboarding so he loves the cuisine. We decided to have early dinner since the sitter came earlier this Saturday. We didn't have a reservation, but that was no problem since we usually like to sit at the bar and talk to the bartenders. Tony and Beth were so nice and efficient. Tony just moved from Portland in November, so we had a nice conversation with him about the area (we spend summers in OR). I had a mojito, wow, the best mojito I have had in the Valley, probably ever. My hubby had the Caipirinha. It was so good. We thought we would have one appetizer and leave. So we ordered the Scallops, then the Plantain and Avocado Spring Rolls. They were so delicious. The scallops were spicy, it was like fireworks in my mouth, in a good way. I loved the sweetness of the chutney for my spring rolls. My hubby wanted the soup of the day, the pumpkin and sweet potato soup. I ended up eating most of it. Since I was DD, the hubby had another drink, this time the Kingston Rum Punch, wow, that was strong but tasty. Tony recommended the Rum Glazed Prawns and Roti Flatbread, double wow. My hubby had a Pina Colada to wash that down. That was the best PC I've had. Not the blended coco lopez type. For dessert we had their bread pudding. This was the only thing I was not that crazy about, don't get me wrong, I still ate it. I am just used to the New Orleans type of Bread pudding, more gooey. The experience at Rum Bar was so great we can't wait to come back and bring friends.
Rum Bar (and it's adjacent restaurant, The Breadfruit) is awesome. Just spectacular Jamaican food. The scallops were delectable, the jerk chicken was delightfully spicy, and the cocktails were fantastic. Service was great, too. I recommend sitting at the bar...you might luck into some free rum tastings like we did.
The Rum Bar was such a neat little bar down town, but if you don't like rum, this is not your place. They only serve red stripe or rum- but what a collection! I liked the vibe of the place. Very chill, and a nice patio as well. The servers were really personable and knowledgable. I was fascinated watching them make their drinks with all the tincture and exotic ingredients. Felt very sophisticated.
One of the BEST places in The Valley to get a cocktail. These guys are going on my rapidly expanding "Pissed at myself for not checking out sooner" list. I'm not a rum drinker, but fortunately they have plenty of non-rum drinks. I started with "Devil in a Blue Dress" which was neither sweet nor bitter. Not my favorite drink but not for lack of skill on the bartender's part. I moved on to "Kiwi Reserve" which was much more my style ( and did have Mt. Gay as one of the ingredients) Rum Bar is VERY classy and low key and the bartenders are true mixologists with knowledge on par with a chemist. They know their shit and they take their craft seriously which is apparent in every stage of the drink preparation. This is a nice relaxing place to come relax and in casual, yet sophisticated environment and I can't wait to come back. Highly recommend.
i really really like this place...the seating area isnt that big,but has a friendly feel. The chutney that is accompanied with most of the meals is great. I tried the Jamaican beer and was a instant fan
Wow! We flew in to Phoenix and were headed to Sedona when we stopped off for a bite. Luck brought us to Jersey Mike's and we are glad it did. My wife and I split a giant veggie sub which was fantastic. The staff was really nice and helpful. Too bad we don't have a Jersey Mike's back in Ohio.
I think the eyeglasses fairy was watching over me when I decided to pop in to this place. I have been back multiple times and each time receive EXCELLENT customer service and frames/lenses that are a perfect fit. I truly feel like these guys really care. The other day, Ray was helping me with new lenses for my sunglasses and knew what type of finish the lenses came with originally. I purchased these frames 10 years ago somewhere else! This guy knows his merchandise old and new and will be very willing to help you too. This place is quality all the way and comes with a higher than average price tag but aren't your eyes worth it? They do have specials so if you want a deal, check out their website and give them a call.
I made my first visit today and what a gem of a place I didn't know about! The doctor is so special; the customer service so great - Sherry was warm and welcoming; the owner, Tommy helped me find the right glasses and fit them; he also does all the work on them himself. He told me things I didn't know about buying glasses, fitting them, etc and the price for 2 pairs was more reasonable than I have paid in the past. The selection is also great; They aren't pushy in any way and are very helpful. They all weighed in on how they looked on me and took IPad photos so I could see for myself. They even would have stayed late if I needed them to while I looked! Great place!
We took our Jeep Commander into these folks, based on shopping around. We looked at everyone and for tires, they were absolutely the lowest. The location was amazingly clean and well layed out. They had the biggest tire selection in the area. They were running a special to include 4 free oil changes too! If all this wasn't enough, we went in and requested the wrong tire size, they cautioned us and installed them as requested. Then we realized they were rubbing and went back and they immediately without any questions changed them to what they should have been. The service we received was amazing, best I have ever gotten for auto repair. Prices were reasonable and the location is very convenient. They get busy, so get there early, but you can't go wrong here. Oh and I shot an email to corporate and Jerry Fletcher Jr. personally responded! I have a new home for all my auto care.
About as good an experience as car repair can be. Clean and comfortable waiting space (with free WiFi!) and straightforward, honest price on a window repair.
Called them and told them what I wanted concerning SEO and online marketing. They asked me to come inside for a consultation which I did. I was EXTREMELY impressed that what I walked into was that, a consultation, not a sales meeting "gosh those get old real fast"! I met with the owner and an employee of his "Jo or George I think his name is/was :/ ". I REALLY appreciated how honest they were; no fluf, no "ehhhh welllll you see" b.s. I've met with a couple SEO guys before this business, and I have a couple to meet with still, but I was very impressed that not only did they make suggestions, but they had solid information and knowledge to back up those claims as opposed to "we're just going to get you on the front page with the most competitive key words out there". As lame as it sounds, for me, knowledge is power and these guys showed that they have the knowledge/tools/training to back up their claims. My business is in a very competitive field and I have a semi-unique business model. Ryan gave me a strategy that integrated SEO and other online marketing ideas that really impressed me. Some of the stuff he consulted with me about really struck me as "wow, I've been doing this a long time and this guy is showing me new stuff" They went through my website, said good things about it, things that needed improvement, and gave me some, as you would guess, consultation.Like I said earlier, I still have a couple more people/business's to meet up with SEO, but I am extremely impressed with how professional, knowledgeable, and personable these guys were.
This coffee shop is simply just COOL!! They make a "Rock-Star" cappuccino.. the right way! If you're in the Biltmore area, skip Starbucks and go here! This is awesome!
There latte are made by some very good barista's. I love there latte's the oatmeal s also really good and fancy
Do I really even need to review them. A dual level store with hundreds maybe even thousand of different types of accessories. Someone needs to keep me from fainting just talking about it. I love this store. It has good quality costume jewelry, reasonable price, organized, and a great place to come Deck out in those hard to find accessories you have been lusting for from whatever current fashion magazine you've been reading.
Only dependable delivery downtown. Great subs. Very accommodating.
AMAZING SERVICE!!! I've never actually been to this location but they have delivered to me more times than I could ever count! I never wait longer than 15 minutes, my order is always correct, and even when its 100 degrees out, the delivery guys show up with a smile. Keep up the great work you guys!
This is a great dentists office. I have had the pleasure of visiting Dr. Hoods office for the past three years and the service, professionalism, and friendliness of the staff has never changed. Dr. Hood has decades of experience in all aspects of dental science and is always expanding his knowledge base to be on the cutting edge. When you add into that, that the office maintains a very old school family practice feel, its the perfect melding of both worlds, old and new. Located just south of 16th and Camelback, you will have no problem finding the building. More important, you will not have a problem working with the scheduling of the front office as they are always finding ways to get people in and out and make special accommodations to fit all schedules. Once you are in the care of Dr. Hood and his loyal staff, many of whom have been with him for multiple years, you will have no need to look elsewhere.
Dr Hood is the best!! He is very gentle, understands my crazy dentist phobia and is just a super nice guy. I found him about a year and a half ago and have had some pretty major dental work with him. I will never go anywhere else.
I think this is a great option for those of us who would otherwise not make it to the chiropractor as often as we should. It is affordable, fast and very convenient!
I'm glad I ran into this place, I love the no nonsense approach to chiropractic here. I am already a fan of chiropractic, but have no real back, nerve, or spine issues of note; however, sometimes you just need to get adjusted to keep everything in alignment. Their monthly subscription is perfect for people who want to commit to a monthly arrangement, you can also pay per visit or you can pre-purchase 'X' number of visits for discounted rates. I woke up with a pinched nerve one day recently, I visited on my lunch break and the immediate pain was taken care, followed up with an adjustment two days later and today I'm back to my normal self! Happy Yelping Phoenix!
Stumbled upon this place and I couldn't be happier with the results. My first visit with Dr. Drew was great. He was very thorough and informative on what I needed to work on to help my back and neck pains. I have been in 3 times now and plan on remaining a client. I always walk in and get in with little or no wait. Very affordable and accommodating for someone with a busy schedule!
So I've been to Pain Therapists, Physical Therapists, Sports Medicine Clinics and Chiropractors for an old hip injury. Dr. Drew avoids the heavy torque by leaning into your body with weight and uses a quick pull approach that does wonders. You will be adjusted in minutes, not as sore and feeling so much better the next day. Highly recommended!
The first Saturday of every month is PARENTS NIGHT OUT, from 6pm to 10pm. At $15 for 4 hours of babysitting, it's the best deal in town. We had our son's birthday party here and he had a blast. Twice the # of children who we expected came, and since these places typically charge penalties for added children you can see how that would add up. These prices were established on their website, and our problem was with the inconsiderate parents who brought their entire families to play or did not RSVP, not with the establishment. Since they have a limited and allotted time for each party, I didn't mind their methods of wrapping up the party. I didn't want to infringe on another party's time and I was aware of the time we had (2 hours TOTAL). I really like the owners, I appreciate them not being afraid to scold my child if he needs it. He is quite the handful and they've always been able to take care of him during parents night out. They have a TV area if you decide to drop in and play. Take advantage of this place for date night and/or getting children activities in during our hot summers. Support our small businesses.
This is a perfect lunch stop if you're ever downtown - amazing dawgs, great prices, faygo rootbeer, and a homey atmosphere. I happened to walk in on a poor guy trying to beat their "big dawg challenge" - he ended up in the parking lot with his attempt before him.
It's about time we got a modern cool hang out at Shea and 32nd st. The coffee is fantastic and it's a fun place to spend a Sunday morning
I arrived at the funky lil joint this morning, and was pleasantly surprised that I did not have to sit in the long stream of cars in the drive-thru line. The gentleman at the window was friendly and patient, he suggested the Vanilla/Honey Latte Iced, this was my first experience here so I was grateful for the suggestion. It was FANTASTIC! I also ordered the breakfast burrito which was delicious, (their home made salsa was perfect) & it did NOT weigh 10lbs so I still feel fantastic after devouring it, not like I want to curl up, clenching my stomach, and sleep for 10 days. The service was also prompt, and the gal who walked my order out to my car was super friendly! Prices were very reasonable as well! This experience sure beats out the long line, hasty service, tiny over-priced cups of joe, and hard pastrys, at your local chain Starbucks. They also serve a great variety of craft brews and wines and, have a comfy, dog friendly, patio! I will definitely be back when I am in the area again! Support LOCAL, check this place out, you'll be glad you did!
Coffee, Tea, Soda Pop, vodka PLEASE! Yes, it is true; Josh is a rock star behind the bar and is super sweet to-boot. I was in the mood for something muddled and citrusy and his recommendations were spot on. I really dig the vibe this little gem has to offer. It's intimate with a punch of coolness and although not an unfamiliar concept, they definitely deliver it in their own unique style. Great menu, various drink options, dog friendly, great staff and a drive up window....I like it. I like it a lot. Will return- Most def!
This place can easily be missed if you are driving by, but to be honest. its not worth missing... I am glad i finally made my trek down 32nd st to shea. Cause this place is awesome. Nice "quaint" little sit down cafe. Perfect for studying, reading, or enjoying your post hike on any of the number of trails around here. They have a small food menu. Sandwiches are delicious btw. I am pretty sure the chips are homemade, they are not too salty which is perfect..i'd be okay with zero salt too. I had their tea, it was delicious. Also had a nutella hot chocolate, really wish it had more chocolate/nutella flavor. But otherwise it was awesomely delicious. I willllll be back. Especially when i need my cup of coffee in the A.m.
K, first I am PISSED that yelp didn't auto save this review earlier. Now I have to get 'creative' all over again. I have been going to this place several times, and its time for an update! I love this place. The owner seems to give lots of freedom to her staff. Very often you see a new latte or new bar drink that you just gotta try! This place really feels fresh, different, and new everyday! I love the concept that Rebeca seems to be working hard to develop. From: seasonal drinks, nightly 'chef dinners', wine and craft beers, occasional live music, locally roasted beans, pet patio, and a place where everyone knows your name! I am very happy I finally tried this place. I have now found a new local fav!
I absolutely love 32 Shea. I work and live in the area and have fallen in love. My coworkers and I come here at least once a week for lunch. It's simple, quaint, good service, nice atmosphere, and the price point isn't bad at all. We sit on the patio and enjoy the sunshine while we eat our O.M.G. sandwiches - to DIE FOR! Jeff is the guy behind the register most days when we go - he's awesome! You might be surprised to learn where 32 Shea is located. It's in the parking lot of a strip mall that appears run down and deserted at the corner of 32nd Street and Shea Blvd. Prior to the 51 highway, this little section of town got quite a bit of traffic. However, since building the 51 not much traffic gets down to that corner - causing many of the businesses in the area to struggle the past 8 or so years. I'm hopeful that with the success of 32 Shea other businesses will follow suit: great service, good food and good atmosphere creates a successful business. Can't wait to see what's in store for 32 Shea. They're doing their own marketing, creating their own vibe and successful in their efforts so far!
Super cute place! We had the OMG and Stacked Turkey wichcrafts. (sandwiches). I actually caught myself saying "Oh, my, god!" at my first bite.
We have been coming here for a while now and we love it every time. Paul is the best and makes the best mimosas! We always get a mimosa and beer when we come. When we wake up early enough, we always get the new mexico burrito with bacon added. The green sauce that come with it is amazing! During lunch, we will get the chicken raspberry salad or the stacked turkey with bacon added. It's a cozy place and they always have fun music playing. I come here hungover to get mimosas and one time I even ordered just a beer with a plate of bacon. The staff is always friendly and go out of their way to make whatever you want!
Upon my arrival to this part of town, I was soon acquainted to this little coffee shop. After my experience at big chain coffee shops, I was surprised at the warmth and friendliness that radiates from every single employee. From Their fresh new menu items (made to order) to their awesome 12 hour happy hour, there is something for everyone even if coffee isn't you cup of tea, they make a tropical green tea that keeps you coming back for more. If there was any higher rating than 5 stars, believe me I'd be clicking them. So I HIGHLY recommend this one of kind coffee shop, a true gem in the North Phoenix Valley.
Oh my!!!! I'm head over heels for 32 Shea!!! These lyrics come to mind.. "I was tryna to hit it and quit it... But lil' mama so dope, I messed around and got addicteeeeed" haha I tried this place out and ended up coming 3 days in a row!!! Believe the hype. The nutella mocha lives up to the expectations since everyone says how incredible it is. The raspberry vinaigrette is like cocaine in a cup. Whoever the brilliant mind is behind that little masterpiece of a creation.. wow, kudos. Just... fucking kudos. That's all. Ummm, the stacked turkey! I probably eat more turkey sandwiches than anyone else on this planet. That's pretty much my go-to meal when I'm hungry. Annnd idk what the hell they put on this thing, but as someone who knows an amazing turkey sandwich when she tastes one... NAILED IT! The layers of flavor just keep coming with every bite. I wanna say they put like three different types of spread on here, but I never take the time to even look because I'm too busy scarfing it. If I could have this in my mouth all day, I would. Hahaha I have yet to try the OMG but that's next, without a doubt. And I can't wait! This place is absolutely adorable, and where else do they have a drive-thru with such stellar food?!?!?! That's a no-brainer! I'm always complaining that there aren't any restaurants with healthy food that have a drive-thru. I don't know of any others. So thank you, 32 Shea!!!! I'm so glad you exist and I finally found you!!!
The tomatoes on my open-faced pesto grilled cheese sandwich tasted like... tomatoes, actually! At least the ones I remember from when I was a kid. Was not expecting something so simple to taste so good and fresh! I was by myself-- and don't usually like dining alone, but as soon as I entered the door, the bartender, Josh, made me feel right at home. Later on, the owner came over and chatted with customers for a while-- which was so nice! The atmosphere is welcoming and hip, with a romantic feel (great date setting), and the food fantastic. My only complaint is that it is so far from Fountain Hills. The fact that I'll be back, with friends, despite the drive, says a lot. I'm trying the Happy Hour, next time!
Great fresh sauce and spicy pepperoni. Mozzarella tasted handmade and crust had the right thickness. Good pie.
Yummy... Nice thin crust, homemade mozzarella, and close to home! What more can you am for?
Best Pizza in town! I've Been looking for a good pizza in town for 8 years. Well I found great pizza at Upper Crust. Oh yeah don't forget about the honey-hot wings well made wing sauce. Great service, excellent food, and great atmosphere.
Yum! Started with the spinach dip and it was delish. The crust on the pizza is awesome, as well as the meatballs! Caution-huge portions!! Plenty to share!
Nom nom nom. I think that encapsulates my entire review for Tacos Atoyac. I've been there three times now (I wanted to make sure this place was consistently awesome) and each time has been delicious. My recommendations: absolutely hit up the fish tacos and the Oaxacan hot dog. The fish tacos are fantastic - lightly battered, crunchy, crisp and tasty (yeah for being well-seasoned!). Add a little bit of lime and sprinkle with the generous side of onions they provide and you've got yourself a fantastic dinner. The portion sizes here are a bit small, but reflective of the prices. The regular tacos are all $1. The Oaxacan hot dog - grilled bun, beans, lettuce, avocado, mayo, bacon and some other items that I'm missing. So, so delicious. The only minus is that they use a pretty standard hot dog. I'd love for them to use a better quality dog, but at the price, I understand. And the toppings are fantastic. Definitely try different things. The prices are very conducive to trying different things.
This may very well conclude my search for really, really good tacos. The place is inconspicuous, really easy to miss, especially with the rather small name sign outside. But you'll always see cars pulling into and out of the parking spaces in front. Inside, the atmosphere is pretty sparse but the friendliness of the people, the incredible prices (see the menu pics I posted), and the delicious food more than make up for it. I tried the carne asada, al pastor, tripa - I ordered it extra crunchy - and lengua ... all superb! The tacos come with a side of sauteed onions and jalapenos, which very nicely complement the flavors of the tacos. This is definitely a place for many, many repeat visits.
Freakin' awesome. A defensive end size man with the coolest Easter island tattoos takes your order. If you want freshly made to order food in bite size attractively priced- here is your place. The flavor profile of each menu item is well thought out and balanced, and delightfully not swimming in oil. Authentic, no nonsense, and well worth the trip. Will be back to try the tamales which were sold out!
The food is amazing. If there is any wait as a few people have mentioned, it is well worth it. The very limited bad reviews seem to come from those people who complain about everything. You've all been out with them before and it always proves to be awkward because they find some insignificant thing to complain about. Please go here and support local small businesses. The tall guy everyone talks about in reviews said he and one of the cooks started the place and run it everyday. It's authentic and delicious.
What can you say but great food at great prices. A little bit of a wait for the food. We had tacos al pastore and carene asada, and the little masa fritters. it was great. I liked the fritters a lot would order them again in a heartbeat. the tacos were awsome as well.
I've been here 5 times now and it's excellent every time. The service is friendly and the food comes out fast. The fish tacos are the star of the menu. Tasty and delicious. The carne asada tacos are also very good. The shrimp burrito is frickin' amazing but order is without the lettuce.
I told my brother to check out this place based on the reviews seen here. He has been a regular since, but it took my coming back from an overseas trip to try this place myself. After I was picked up from the airport, my brother told me we were going there. I am glad we did. I tried their tripas and cabeza tacos and they have been among the best I had this side of the Rio Grande. The place looks like a hole in the wall, but, great things come in small packages and you really have to look past everything else and enjoy the fine offerings of this place. BTW, do yourself a favor and try the onions and Jalapenos that come with every order.
Got three carne asada tacos and a quesadilla to go. The tacos were your typical street-style tacos like you get at, say, Baja Fresh. Two corn tortillas filled with meat, basil and onion. They were very good and the tortillas seemed very fresh. However, nothing really new there but also no complaints. The quesadilla was unlike one I've ever had, seeing as it's Oaxacan-style. It's more like a masa de maz empanada filled with cheese and herbs, topped with black bean sauce, lettuce and another white cheese. It was AMAZING, very flavourful and something that I will definitely want to have again. Three tacos and the quesadilla was less than $7. The prices are very cheap but this is also street food - small and fast, so you get what you pay for. Definitely go in expecting to order a few different things at once. I definitely want to go back soon and try a few other menu items!
Best taco shop in Phoenix, period!! This place is not just your average Mexican/American aka Macayo's approach to mediocre Mexican food. This place is as grass roots as you can get! Home grown from the state of Oaxaca Mexico. Translation for those saying Chewbacca, this is not your Star Wars flick but it is a very rich and notable region of Mexico that produces some amazing cheeses that also somehow motivated a few cats to open up their own taco shop next to a tire shop in Phoenix! Try everything in their menu, it is delicious! Don't let their location fool you, these guys care about great ingredients like their organic veggies and home local baked tortillas! I have had them do catering too, the price is ridiculously low and they are just awesome at what they do.. I will forgive them for being closed Sunday and Monday because great talents do need to rest. Remember if you want Macayos or greasy lard infested plates don't come here, there owner will tell you the same because they care about what they do, BOSS status!
Tacos Atoyac reinforces my belief that the more expensive your Mexican food is, and the fancier the establishment appears, the worse it's probably going to be. I mean, EVERYONE knows that the *good* stuff lies in plain, secluded little strip malls that are easily overlooked. Just pop in and get whatever you want. I am convinced Atoyac can do no wrong. I ordered a simple pastor burrito. Carne asada is easy to do, but the arduous process of choosing a marinade that's just-right is in my opinion the litmus test for whether or not a restaurant is legit. Part of me wanted to say it's too sweet, but as it disappeared fast, I realized it's unique, but really hits the spot. Sevice was fast, and all meals come with grilled onions and a grilled serrano, which is just the right amount of heat for me, and definitely too much for most people who will read this. Be careful, and have some delicious horchata ready just in case.
Considering my experience with a previous dentist, I was hesitant to try a new one. But my experience was absolutely the best. Foothills Smiles is the best dentist I have been to in the valley!! They are professional, friendly, and reassuring allowing their patients to feel comfortable during the visit. Most people dread going to the dentist, but I feel motivated to continue going to my 6 month check-ups!!
This burger place recently opened up in our neck-of-the-woods and we couldn't be anymore delighted. For us, it's our brunch-date, just us two while we are out running errands. My husband is a vegetarian so this may not seem like a place he should visit. Unless you know that they have grilled cheese on the "secret" menu. Oops, maybe I let our a little secret, but that sandwich is damn good! It's basically a burger (yup all the toppings) without the meat. We get ours with grilled onions....YUMMY!
Always had a good experience. This is three only mexican restaurant I've been to that actually season their food.
I've been to this place a couple times. I've always sat at the bar to get food. The bartenders have been extremely friendly each time and the service has been great. The has come out very quickly each time. The burgers are amazing and there other things that I have had are all unique with tons of flavor. It's reasonably priced and the crowd seems very relaxed. Each time we've gone, we've ended up talking to other people at the bar and they have always been very friendly. Usually when that happens, you get stuck in a conversation with so weirdo, but that wasn't the case at all. You can tell the staff has fun at work, which makes for a fun atmosphere. They're quick to make suggestions, or tell you when you've made a good choice. This place is a little bit out of my way, but I will definitely be going back to visit many times in the future.
Found my new spot to go. Great food. Awesome selection of beer. The best mozzarella sticks. Ask for Andrea. Great service with a nice smile. Will be heading there in my next day off. I had the high octane burger. Cooked to my liking but hang on it's very hot. They also had a pool table there that kept me in the place another three hours but money well spent.
It was back in today for my semi-annual teeth cleaning appointment with Dr. K. As always, I encountered a friendly staff and completely professional service at low cost. I don't "love" going to the Dentist (are we supposed to?), but I do love how shiny & clean my teeth are now & still recommend Dr. Khaydatov and this excellent dental practice 100%. Your teeth want this place!! :-))
Dr. Khaydatov treated my family member and we were really happy with the results. He was very professional, attentive and pleasant to deal withl. We are definitely coming back to see him and the staff!
After living in the SF Bay Area for 14 years I was surprised to learn that there were very few Filipino restaurants in PHX. Hey Joe does a nice job of getting around the Valley to make it feel like you can easily get this cuisine. Fresh, young coconut, lumpia and skewers of chicken and pork are all I need for a great meal. The truck delivers on that very well. The clean truck and presentation are also appreciated by me. I completely recommend Hey Joe and hope you'll help keep this truck running to events and brewery stops!
I was in Phoenix for a week for a parking tradeshow (yeah, it's pretty serious). My company rented a house on the corner of 6th and Roosevelt, so of course I saw Hey Joe! and had to go. OMG!!! I got the pancit and lumpia combo... I 'bout died it was soooooo friggin' good. It was the best lumpia I'd had since a Filipino friend had made me a whole bunch to freeze. The pancit was seasoned perfectly. PERFECT AMOUNT OF FOOD!!! And the guys behind the counter... THE BOMB!!! Found out it's a small world after all after speaking with them a bit. Can't wait to take my girlfriend to Phoenix and share this NoRoach-coach food. -Black girl in the white wide brimmed hat :-)
I go to Food Truck Fridays quite a bit. Lately I find myself ending up back at Hey Joe!. The Chicken Adobo is really good. Lumpia is good sized and delicious as well. Make sure to get the sweet chili sauce to dip! Friendly service and a clean truck with cool graphics.
Just returned from The Arrogant Butcher with my husband. WOW! Great food (the ribs special was BEYOND fabulous), drinks, atmosphere and service was exceptional.
The Arrogant Butcher was one of the best meal experiences I have ever had! If you are in Phoenix, you must go. We had the mussels as apps and pretzels - both were amazing(and I am not a pretzel fan). Both the swordfish and rib entree we're great. My son had the ravioli dumplings. The flavor was good, but it was a lot of very filling food. The atmosphere is cool and casual, but their commitment to food is serious!
Great new restaurant in Downtown Phoenix. I've stopped here a couple times before a D-backs game and I've never left disappointed! The homemade Sea Salt Chips are tasty! The Turkey Pastrami is delicious on a pretzel roll. I recommend the Turkey Sloppy Joe. With a slice of green chili, this sandwich has a kick! This is a great place for a quick bit with friends.
Great place and cool staff! Cool atmosphere too. Always good to know another great downtown spot! Sit at the food bar! The cooks are so awesome to talk to and you always have people taking care of you! Crab legs are amazing too!!!
Loved the atmosphere. Right across from chase field. The pretzel and provolone and shrimp appetizers were plentiful and fantastic. Easily enough for four people to share. The crab stuffed chicken was excellent and I was a fan of the kilt lifter beer. We also got the hot chocolate cake and the salted caramel pudding. Both lasted about one minute. Rachel was fantastic!
Great spot for pre game or business lunch. Excellent value!
Service is attentive w/o being intrusive. Had the pretzel/provolone appetizer (again!); and the short rib stew for something different. Both were excellent. Manager - Melissa, stopped by a few times to ensure everything was A-ok!
The tabouli is amazing, the drinks are awesome, and the salted caramel pudding is super tasty. The meat and cheese plate didn't have much meat and cheese though. ;) Our service was excellent and we would definitely come back again.
I love the atmoshpere in here! We came in right before the Suns game Friday night. Staff was super cool and attentive and the food was delicious. Def a great downtown restaurant!
Was in AZ for business and went to this restaurant with a colleague. I got the beet salad with chicken and it was great!!! I saw people order the jambalaya so that will be on my list!
As I entered, I was thinking, "Am I in Phoenix?" We needed a cool place to see movies and we got one! My friend Perry actually filmed a documentary and his premiere was on Monday. What a neat space! As you walk in, there is a bar on your left. As you go to the right, there is a beautiful room, cozily decorated in an almost Moroccan theme. I love the chairs; they are like elevated cushions--super comfortable! The staff was attentive and friendly. We entered the theater and was greeted by the guy who chooses the films (I am not sure of his actual title). He gave a pretty long intro and talked to the crowd a lot about how he chooses movies, etc. Pretty interesting, but we were already sold; we were there. Would have liked to hear from Perry longer instead of this guy! The theater is adorable. I believe it has 70 seats. Behind the normal seating, there are several bar tables and chairs. We watched the previews, which were super original and funny. I am thinking, again, "There is no other place like this in Phoenix." Excellent! On Mondays they offer $3 movies from local producers and film makers. I want to be a regular here! As Arnold says, "We will Back!!!!!!"
Oh, FilmBar, how I love you! Went to a 5:00 show today. I appreciate this venue more every time I visit. Although the beer leans away from the dark, decadent, delicious side and they are always out of Kilt Lifter, I still love it here. Today I saw "The Robber." The heavy breathing and snowfall made me appreciate how great the sound is and how crisp the picture is. The seats are super-comfy. And kudos to Kelly for his savvy use of social media for marketing. I've been here weekly for the past couple of months, and have seen the business grow like crazy.
This place is upgraded to five stars! They are just so damn cool! Now having regular events with DJs and dancers as well as movies you could never see anywhere (George Miele's From the Earth to the Moon? Saw it! It rocked). Go here, AMC is no fun anyway!
I liked film bar a lot! The decor was cool, very cozy and they had neat moroccan lanterns hanging around the place. I got a good vibe walking in. They also had great drink specials- 2 for 5 local drafts which you can't beat! They had a very memorable bathroom, the sinks were outside of the bathroom, in the main room, interesting! But it actually made sense to wash your hands AFTER you touch the yucky door knob, lol. While everyone watches you is another story... haha. Then when we went into the viewing room, they had a large display of cheese and meat and a veggie tray.. it was too dark to actually see what we were grabbing to eat, but we all took some anyway because it was complimentary. Then as we were about to leave this guy busts out 3 boxes of home-made cake pops! SWEET. :) Left a very good impression I must say.
I've found my new favorite spot in downtown Phoenix. I'm bummed it took me so long to get there initially, but I'll definitely be going back to FilmBar soon. It's one of the coolest places I've been to, both for the ambiance and the entertainment. It reminded me a little of a hookah lounge, but with the independent films it shows there, it has a cool distinctive edge. Filmbar shows movies and features comedy shows (tickets are only $3-$7!) in a setting where you can drink beer or wine from the bar in the theater. While you wait for the film to start, you can sip your libation in one of the two lounge areas, which are decorated with Middle Eastern flair with tapestries hanging from the walls and cushy seats on the floor. Both the person I went with and I also really thought the bathrooms, which were decorated in a similar style, looked super-cool. You should make it a point to visit this very cool community-oriented space-they even let you in for free every fifth movie you see! For more info, check out www.thefilmbarphx.com.
Wow, a legitimate independent...film...bar. It's everything you're looking for in Phoenix: It's different. Their house wines are really nice, the beer list features better than average offerings, and the prices are reasonable. They're continuing to improve: Adding more beers to the tap, releasing exclusive content, hosting great screenings/themed events. I will leave you with this: On Thursdays they have throw back movies like The Goonies, and they've also had screenings/events for: Gainsbourg (Vie hroque) and A Trip to the Moon (Le Voyage Dans La Lune) and the Sigur Ros experimental film. Try something different for once, and just go.
I love to drink and I love to watch movies so low and behold but what do I find but a bar/lounge that combines two of my favorite activities. It's like I died and went to heaven! The lounge is somewhat Moroccan in theme and lit dimly with a fully stocked bar. The theater itself is kind of small but the seats are super comfy. There are back round tables to put food on if you want to eat and drink while watching the movie which is cool. I'll definitely be going back!
I love FilmBar! Mr. & I discovered during their Frightmare series in October and saw a number of GREAT old horror movies. We enjoyed said films in a cozy, bohemian setting while sipping good local brews and eating popcorn. Staff is great, too.
This yogurt place is like no other!!! There are do many flavor choices! I like that they always have my favorite available, cake batter, of course ;) my daughter enjoys a special treat after school and this never fails to satisfy her sweet tooth! I have NEVER been to a yogurt place this clean! Would highly recommend trying it out, but be warned...you'll be hooked!!!
Joined this gym a few months ago solely on the fact that it is a stone's throw away from my house, its very affordable ($55 per month for my wife and I), and its open 24x7. The gym is awesome! It has everything I need - nice free weights - new cardio equipment - always anti-bacterial wipes available - very clean - nice staff that seems very responsive - and as long as you shy away from 5-7pm I hardly ever have to worry about equipment not being available. I most recently found out that when you become a member here you have access to clubs all over the US without an additional charge. Not that I would use it much, but it is nice - usually most other clubs charge you additional fee to have this feature.
I love this place! I bring clients here a lot and they always rave about the food. Best Mac & cheese ever.
Always great!!
Cool place. Great food and Service. Really enjoyed the Wings and BBQ Sandwich. The Calamari Appetizer was fantastic.
Real Mexican food. REAL. I ordered en Espanol. Street style tacos: Handmade tortillas, deliciously seasoned meats (listed below), onions, cilantro, lemons, salsas, radishes and pickled jalapenos on the side. Gordita: Like a tostada sandwich full of meat, lettuce, sauce, cilanto, onions Burritos: Any meat choice including Lengua, Cabeza, Tripas, Carne Asada, and more. The real deal! Amazing complex flavors. Atmosphere is down-home, clean, but looks dirty because it is in a rundown strip mall. It is a sit down after you order from the counter type place. Be forewarned, its run down, and not in a charming way. Totally worth it for the food though. Not fast food. It always takes them quite awhile to prepare everything, and it shows in the results. Cash Only.
I went yesterday to Park Avenue Blow Dry Beauty Bar and they are fabulous! I love the products they use and bought a few. Also the ladies are so wonderful and helpful there. They make you feel relaxed and truly at home. I would recommend going there for an updo or a hairstyle to lift up your mood. It is so well decorated inside and really fun! Definitely a great bridal party event place before the big day or like me to go and get ready for a big event the next day!
just sent my sister here for a haircut and style with Rayanna and she was raving about how happy she was! she said she finally had a haircut where the stylist listened to what she actually wanted. park avenue has clients for life!
Myself and 2 girlfriends were having a last minute blowout emergency and after multiple attempts contacting over 15 different salons, Park Avenue was the only one that was polite in declining (last minute, right before closing). Everyone else simply said no and hung up, but they showed an effort. Ten minutes later they called to tell us that they made arrangements and would love to have us come in. They were also VERY professional. They let us bring our own champagne, which was also something that set them apart. I give them 100% on client service and accommodation, 100% on the detail they put into my hair, and 100% because I left a very expensive leather jacket there and they were honest enough to mail it to me even though I completely forgot about it for a week. Next time I am in the area, I will be visiting this amazingly staffed salon! I love Park Avenue!!!
What a great local spot! Have been here several times and have never been disappointed. Took a good friend here from out of town a few weeks ago and he still goes on how great the burger was and how awesome the prices are! Make a visit you won't be disappointed! Waiter also told me that the patio is dog friendly,which I will try when the weather gets better.
When a restaurant manager says "Of course we can make a grilled cheese sandwich for you, even though it's not on the menu. We have cheese and we have bread. What type of cheese would you like? What type of bread would you prefer, sour dough or wheat?" I am forever sold on this place. Customer service lives and thrives at Thirteen North !!! Chili Chicken Mac and Cheese was very, very tasteful, while entirely different than I expected. Beverages were refilled before we knew we wanted more. I will go back to try the Ahi Tuna salad. Long live excellent food coupled with divine service!
This place is lovely. I stopped in for lunch today after reading the ROTD. It is a little hard to find, and could use some more prominent signage, but I found it. I was the only one there for lunch, and my server was attentive at just the right moments, but not obtrusive at all. For $9, I got an enormous bowl of chicken soup (the Cambodian version of Pho, for reference), a gigantic spring roll, and a glass of grass jelly juice, which I can only describe as a boba-like drink. I am so glad I found this little place, because it will be such a nice change of pace to get my southeast Asian food fix in a friendly, clean, cute restaurant instead of braving the health code disasters on 19th Ave. Please seek this place out and give it your business so we can keep it alive!
Finally had the chance to stop in for Cambodian food. Last time I was in this location it was a hot-dog place. Great food and great service from this family run friendly place. I do not recall the name of the dish..but a Cambodian special of tender steak cubes on a bed of rice and vegetables. Delicious.
Love it. Great, delicious food. Good value. Very friendly staff who are all family. I love going here in the evenings and having the soup or noodle dishes and of course the spring rolls. Hands down good food and a good experience. Great job!!!
Pizza steak for lunch today...ribeye sliced with homemade marinara. Mozzarella melted on top served on a toasted hoagie roll. Perfection!
Funky little breakfast and lunch cafe with an ecclectic menu. Some may say a jack of all trades masters none, but to know a little about everything is exactly the kind of knowledge a cafe "chef" should have. Where else in the known universe can one indulge in a Rainbow Doughnut and breakfast burrito in the morning, then come back to the same place and not be able to decide if you want a pizzasteak sandwich, spicy Terriyaki chicken bowl, or fried bologna for lunch? Awesome friendly service from Bobby, too. Yes, that's him. Say hello and make a special request. If he has the food in the building, he'll cook it for you however you like!
This location is the perfect culmination of all the other locations. Cheryl's special touch is evident from the decor to the "tweaked" menu. You can't ask for better guacamole, "fish bowl" margarita, or tamale stuffed with the amazing adovado pork meat. Menudo has been added to menu on weekends - don't miss it.
Probably the best frozen yogurt that I've had. They have some very unique, tasty choices in the machines, plus the best variety of toppings that I've ever seen in a froyo shop. No way would I go back to Yumberi or Yogurt Mart!
I wish so much that this were closer to my home. I would go here several times a week if that were the case, but my current life schedule won't allow it at this distance. That being said, this is the studio that I have been looking for since I moved here. These people are in it for the yoga, and are the real deal. I attended a community donation yoga class with Rachel and yearn to go back. She is an excellent teacher who is clearly in touch with a source outside of her own ego. Big gratitude for this place. If I can get childcare worked out and some other ducks in a row, I will be here more often.
I am ecstatic about Rice Paper. Finally, a place near downtown that serves Vietnamese spring rolls, pho, noodles and sandwiches with a bar as well. It is not a hole-in-the-wall type of establishment like some of those Vietnamese restaurants on the west side that you get hustled in and out before you know it. Yes, those places are utilitarian, authentic and cheap but they are not FUN to eat or be at for more than 20 minutes. Rice Paper is place to meet up with friends, have a few drinks, sample various delicious menu items and just hang out. The structure it is in has been attractively renovated and designed in an old bungalow, clean, modern yet warm so you feel inclined to sit and enjoy the atmosphere. The menu at Rice Paper is sushi style in that you are given it with a pencil and check off the items you want. If you go with a few people, you can mix and match the different items and have a Vietnamese meal tapas-style which I love because I enjoy the variety. The items I have tasted (a few of the spring rolls, the garlic noodles, shrimp appetizer, salad) were all fresh, prepared immediately after I ordered them and tasted delicious. The prices are not dirt cheap but reasonable as are the beverages. The servers and hostess were very hospitable, helpful and cared about the needs of their patrons. The food was brought out in a timely fashion (not rushed but not slow). I have been there twice in the 10 days since it has opened and am surprised at how functionally operational Rice Paper is and doesn't seem to be filled with the typical glitches that new restaurants have. The decor at Rice Paper is modern and clean (like the food). It is small and if what I see there continues, it won't be easy getting a table there during the lunch rush or weekend evenings. But I am absolutely thrilled to have Rice Paper to frequent, hopefully for a long time to come.
I was at church this Sunday morning when I had a craving for Pho. I went on my yelp app and put it pho near South Phoenix. About 4 miles away was Rice Paper. It's always scary to try something new but after checking out a few reviews, I figured it was worth trying and I even brought 6 other friends who also loved it (some never had Vietnamese before). My order: - Traditional bowl of Pho - Pork Crispy Spring Rolls My friends ordered: Banh Mi (viet sandwiches) Here is the review. Pros: - Pho was tasty and cleaner than most Pho places - Decor of the place was very chic - There is a bar (for you drinkers) - The banh mi were HUGE and came with garlic or sweet potato fries - Nice outdoor patio for when its cooler outside - The head server was very helpful Cons: - Price was a little more than most pho places (Pho: $10 / Rolls $3.50-$5), - Spring rolls were pricey for one spring roll or two cut up fried pieces to make four. - Parking lot was small...about 12 spaces - The restaurant is about the size of a house so even though we had a group of 7, I don't know if i'd bring that big of a group next time. Conclusion: Check this place out. It's intimate and I'm glad they're open later than most restaurants. Pricey, but hey, sometimes you gotta pay to have something nicer.
Creative ideas as well as delicious! Spring rolls are so good especially the non traditional ones, such as soft shell crab. The appetizer shrimp fire cracker is also good especially the sauce. Last but not least you should save room for dessert, ginger cream brle. Yummy!
Thit Heo Nuong is Amazing! Great Happy Hour!
I was thoroughly impressed with this place! Took me by surprise from the very beginning! I have always wanted to eat here and after dragging my husband, kicking and screaming I did and neither of us regretted it! Where to begin?? The Service: Excellent! When we walked into this place, it was dead (which was worrisome), but our waiter greeted us with a smile and sat us down, explained to us that it was happy hour (double like) and showed us the drink menu and the roll menu. Every question we had about the beverages and food the waiter had an answer and even provided great suggestions! The Food: So at Rice Paper the apps are $6, highly recommend the Fire Cracker shrimp (especially if you like something with a spicy kick to it). The calamari with the dipping sauce is delicious as well! The rolls are $1 off and we ate the Spicy Asian, Surf n Turf and the Salmon roll which were all delicious! We also had the chicken noodle pho to top everything off and that was yummy, the broth was really really good! The ambiance rocks, love how the place is decorated, very warm, inviting, and modern. My husband and I are definitely returning to this place!!
I've been lucky to stay at other Westins in other states and I'm happy to see that this one lives up to the hype of the others. Dare I even venture to say that this is the best one of them all? I think I may have to. While some people complain about the sparseness of the hotels, the lack of decor, blah blah blah...I think to get mired in fussy BS decor really isn't it for me. For me, it's the comfort factor. To be honest, if they had that fussy fussy girlie shit decor, I'd be a little put off. I'm the kind of girl who hates frills and hates overly decorated hotels. That said, some of the best nights of sleep I've had in my life were here. The bed was PERFECT. I like firm beds and this was a firm with a slight bit of give - wonderful! I hate those scary blankets between the sheet and the comforter/bed cover - you know what I'm talking about...those velux blankets that are either yellow or blue.. *barfs* Mercifully, they are not found here. YAY!!! Instead, you get a down comforter or something like that. It set my allergies off along with the down pillows, but I will take extra allergy meds to offset that. Staff was friendly and accommodating. Better than some 5 star hotels I've stayed in. Location is great - a couple of small blocks away are Alice Cooperstown, Tilted Kilt and a host of other places to eat at. All easily within walking distance. When we go back to visit, we will definitely be staying here...plus, this place is DOG FRIENDLY!!!! We will be bringing along little rex rex next time. They provide food and water bowls and a dog bed for pampered puppy to sleep in.
Now here's a restaurant that knows how to do Arizona Restaurant Week right. Went here my brother over the weekend after a D'Backs game. The place wasn't that busy and we got excellent service throughout. The place is on the bottom floor of the Westin Hotel/Freeport McMoran building downtown and has a huge wine display, a relatively small dining area inside and a quaint outdoor patio. Very elegant yet pretty laid back. They started my bro and I with a refreshing gazpacho and some hummus. For appetizers, he got the shrimp ceviche while I got the crab and corn chowder. Both appetizers were delicious and the portion sizes were small enough for the sauvignon blanc wine pairing that went with both of our appetizers. For the main course, the restaurant paired our dishes with another glass of wine (pinot noir for him and and a cabernet sauvignon for me). For the dish he got the green gazpacho salmon while I got the skirt steak with artichoke potatoes. Wow. Both paired wonderfully with the selected wines and the vegetables worked into both dishes in such a way that they both had a good clean flavor to both of them. For dessert we both got a dessert sampler including a fruit tart, chocolate/peanut butter flan, and a squash cupcake with sweet cream. The cupcake wasn't really my taste, but the flan and tart were both excellent. In the end our stomachs were both full (but not explosive fortunately). The portions for each course were manageable and elegantly prepared. And the staff was friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable. Lastly, a HUGE thumbs up to them for giving us coupons to come back again before the end of the year. They offered this to everyone who came for Restaurant Week. I had already planned on coming back again, but this made that all the more certain. This place is a gem amongst the burgeoning downtown Phoenix culinary scene and they left both my brother and I full and smiling from start to finish.
I really like this restaurant. I recommend it to everyone. We have always had a wonderful time here. Valet parking for starters. The Staff is incredible always so helpful and you really enjoy them when you are there. Kyle was our server this time and he told us about half price bottles of wine on Wednesday. What a great deal!!! The whole layout of the restaurant is beautiful!!! The food is so good. They have some really wonderful and unique dishes. I can't wait to go back again. It is located on Central and Van Buren beneath the Westin Hotel. You have to go, you will love!!
Passport dinner to Cuba was a treat for my taste buds last night, enhanced by our amazing server, Emily.
This is a beautiful restaurant with a great patio for afternoon drinks or a sunny lunch date. On my last visit I had the Roasted Beet & Bleu Cheese Salad which was to die for. I could eat that every day. I also had the BBQ Brisket Sandwich which was a disappointment. It was good but below average compared to others I've had. (Hey, I'm from Kansas City; I take my BBQ seriously.) Still worthy of five stars.
Great place to relax or work in a great location. Coffee is delicious and the atmosphere is relaxed. My group met here for a meeting and it was the right atmosphere and much better then meeting in some stuffy meeting room. Damien and Bri were great and very welcoming. Definitely will return on my next visit to Phoenix
A coworker and I just discovered this coffee shop and I'm so glad we did! Tired of the terrible office coffee and the Starbucks/Cartel prices we found this little local gem just a couple blocks from our office! Delicious coffee,tea, and pastries, all reasonably priced! The staff is always cheerful and prompt and the ambience is extremely present. I could list a dozen other reasons why I love this place! Whether I'm running in for a quick pick me up cup to get me through my work day or staying to enjoy my coffee and the local art on display in the shop, I will no longer get my coffee anywhere else !
Friendliest 24 hr taco joint I've ever been to. The food always tastes fresh. I like chicken and carne asada tacos. The drive thru staff is quick and always gets my order right. I love the convenience.
This place was fantastic. Went in there, ordered our carpet and got it all installed within a week. Awesome install job, price was fair and we are very happy with the results. Now for the reason they get 5 stars. I was in the process of moving out of a rental home and into my newly purchased house. I had a puppy who put a hole in the carpet at the rental home and needed to make a repair. Went to carpet depot and told the owner my story. He made the fantastic suggestion to use carpet out of the closet in the rental home to patch the hole and find a close match at carpet depot to replace the carpet in the closet. This way we have a 100% match for the repaired hole. What a great idea! To top it off he gave us about 15 square feet of free carpet to make the repairs. He did all this for us without even knowing that I was a previous customer. What a great guy and a great place. Will definitely recommend them to anyone!
Had a shoulder surgery over a week ago and I cant shave. :0( Headed to Jessica to get the works. I'll let you know how it goes.
I'm here with my family. I love the sushi specially Las Vegas roll. It's awesome. I will definitely come again with my friends.
This place feels a bit out-of-the way, with a small interior and not a whole lot to the ambiance. The sushi, however, is superb. The chef clearly takes pride in his work and creations, which show. We had a Philadelphia roll, a salmon dragon roll, and a stuffed avocado which was new to us and utterly amazing. Staff there was polite and because it was a smaller place inside, we felt we got a lot of personal attention and were well taken care of. Would recommend if you're looking for some pretty good tastes, or need to pick a place for good food before a movie.
I am really, really loving this new restaurant and must admit I am kinda addicted. That being said, this review is probably a little altered. Honestly, I am not sure what I love the most. I have been there three times now, from a weekday to a Happy Hour and I haven't had any issue with parking. The wait for a seat was minimal, and the patio was inviting as the bar was fun, and the tables are sooo cozy. The cocktails are GREAT. I am addicted to the one with Ginger, but I can't remember the name of it. I love the wine being on tap, it's eco-delicious. I enjoy the company of everyone at the restaurant and I seem to see people I know there most often. The bartenders are a delight, they introduce themselves and talk a lot about the menu and choices, etc. Even the owner/manager person (whoever she was) came by and asked what we thought of the meals, drinks, atmosphere, etc. I also love the wall of tapes, and watching families bike in and get ice cream and sit in the floral decor of the comfortable patio with cute kids...very inviting. I could see bringing a date here (alas I am married now, so my date is my hubby), but I would also bring my parents and my son here. I loved the Halibut, the Kale Salad, the snacks, the Sausage Sandwich and I can't wait to go again and try more. With the closing of Bomberos/Verde/My Florist, the burning of Richardsons, the crowds at Postino, the valet only at the Vig, the lack of fresh salads at the Garage, cold (warm) food at Local Breeze and the disappointing service at Arrogant Butcher - this place moved quickly up to a top choice for dinner and drinks. Move over Hula's, SENS, Hanny's, TMI, Rokerij and CIBO! :-)
Bahn Mi oh my, what a flavor explosion. Luickly I was seated outside for this blast of flavor. I visited the Windsor at 8:30 on a weeknight and it was surprisingly busy, but there was no wait. We opted to sit on the patio, which ot my surprise was nicer than the inside dining area. Wooden booths and tables, padded chairs and corrugated metal shade complete the contemporary urban patio The menu has salad, and various burger like sandwiches on the menu, which on the surface is nothing interesting, the sides list is quite eclectic, there is the traditional fries, and the less traditional, Kale chips, fried okra, mac & cheese, sweet cabbage salad and more. at $3 each I think 3-4 may be a fun snack meal. I went with the Halibut Bahn Mi, ($13) Their take on a Vietnamese favorite. S soft round bun housed a perfectly cooked piece of halibut, an assortment of greens, and a flavored mayo. It was spicy, fresh and hearty, I highly recommend this. With any main dish you also have a choice of side. I went with the fried Okra, which was delicious, crispy, not soggy like Okra can easily be, and the batter had a great flavor. It was in perfect bit sized pieces too. My table also got a salad ($9) with salmon ($3) note the salmon is smoked. This was good but nothing too special. A small dish of pistachios is delivered to the table as a complimentary app, it is a nice protein packed treat. The service was also great, I had just finished a spin class and was drinking water faster than a elephant, however my glass never went lower than 1/3, even after 10 refills. This was even more surprising as usually patios are the black hole of service.
I love this place, the ambiance, the food, the drinks, and PRICE!, The employees are amazing... Manuel Pena was a great bartender :)....
Favorite new bar in town. $5 pitchers of beer and cocktails for happy hour? Great prices the rest of the time? Yeah, I'm sold. Amazing food, better than you should be able to find at a local, laid back place at prices like this. If its your first time, order one or all of these: Russian Roulettes - sometimes mild, sometimes spicy roasted peppers. Deviled egg dip - deviled egg, bacon and home made kettle chips. Yes. Porkwich - do you need a description? PORKWICH. Bacon, ham, pulled pork, gold bbq sauce! Bring your cardiologist. For sides, the Kale salad is insanely good, and their mac 'n cheese is enough to sate this m&c snob!
Brown bag chicken sammich, mac n cheese, fried okra, and the bourbon drink. Nuff said.
Met a friend for brunch and about died over how good it was. All you need to know is the following: 1. You can get a pitcher of Pimm's Cup. A pitcher. 2. Best Eggs Benedict since the old El Chorro on Lincoln. No offense to the new El Chorro, I just stopped going after you stomped all over your history with the remodel. 3. Griddled Church Potatoes I am in LOVE with Windsor. Probably going to eat there so much it gets weird.
I have found a new place close to downtown to eat. Great place to enjoy lunch and the $5 pitchers are a great enticer. If that does not get you down here maybe the great patio will get you here or the spacious bar. I could see myself eating at the bar or one of the super comfortable booths. As for the eats....The backyard burger, Windsor style is on my list of must eat again, porkwich is a must eat all the time, and the mac and cheese is a great side. I can't cook mac and cheese like that at home, nice crisp top of melted cheese and uber yummy cheese and pasta under neath. The Windsor burger and piggy burger were great. Just ask for extra napkins since you will look like a Carl's Jr commercial trying to scarf either burger down. They are both messy, but I could not let the sauce and juice go to waste just dip the burger into the left overs on the plate. :) Let me describe the porkwich please.... Pulled pork, belly braised ham, cold slaw, smoked bacon, and the yummy sweet gold sauce. All this on a buttermilk bun which is soft and a great absorber of all that sauce and flavor. Get you eat on quick so the bun does not go soggy on you. The backyard burger has a great garlic aioli, caramelized onions, sharp cheddar, and some iceberg shredded up to add some color. This was a great burger and even though it is a must eat again I am really a fan of the porkwich. My only downside is parking, really only a hand full of parking and then free valet. Nothings free, I still gotta tip a guy that has to run down the street to get my car. That's usually where your car will end up is down a side street adjacent to the restaurant. I think the valet thing does fix the lack of parking problem and the food is so good it really is not that big of a deal. If you are ever in the general vicinity of Windsor I suggest you give it a shot, great staff, great food, and great overall restaurant.
Harvest salad = heaven. It was such an amazing salad. I am on a hard core "diet" so I haven't been eating out, it is easy to control calories at home. Well, we were on the run and needed dinner, so we came to windsor. It was PAINFUL to see the amazing food I couldn't have, it was WONDERFUL to enjoy a very tasty salad, it was EXCRUCIATING to leave STARVING!! That lettuce wilted the second it hit my stomach and I wished I had added chicken or salmon sooooooo freakin bad!! I can't wait to come back and order something I really want on a cheat day! :) haha!! Oh yeah, the hubby had the salmon, I got a taste, and it was great! The sauce was his favorite and that celery root pure was amazing!! Very very kind service as well!!
I come here for lunch all the time. Every time I come I always get the deviled egg dip & chips appetizer. Its soooooo good. Windsor has a great patio and right now I love taking advantage of the beautiful Arizona weather. Last time I was here I got the grilled chicken sandwich which comes with a mango jalapeo mayo that compliments the curry spice rub perfectly. The sandwich also comes with a side and my favorite is Jo's church potatoes which are these fantastic cheesy potatoes. If you haven't tried them yet I highly recommend them. PS Churn is right next door and they have some of the best ice cream!!!
Windsor is like Postino and Vig had a baby! Of course we had to start with the corn dog bites. I love these little nuggets of State Fair gold. There were a few pieces of friend pickle chips in the basket (on purpose).... Nice surprise! The Russian Roulettes are a bowl of Japanese Shishito peppers that are charred and served warm. I like them with a little squeeze of lemon. Deviled Egg Dip & homemade chips were better than I imagined. I have to figure out how to make this appetizer. I think it would be a big hit with friends. After all the apps, we were full, so my friend and I ended up splitting the New Orleans baby back rib dinner. The ribs were fall-off-the-bone tender and the flavor was smokey with a hint of sweet and heat. We had it with a side of cole slaw. I'm usually a such a lady at the dinner table, but I HAD to lick my fingers a couple times!! For desert, don't forget to head next door to Churn for some of the best artesian ice cream in town! Enjoy!
One of my favorite spots in the whole valley. I was just thinking of how to put this place into words and I saw Natalie D's first line, I concur. I believe it to be a little more hipster than even the Vig... well, maybe just as hipster... but either way its a good change from Scottsdale so make the trip. I have done three dinners and a brunch here and somehow liked it more than the last time each visit. I have since moved out of Scottsdale, haven't been in the Windsor for a while, and for some reason I can't view their menu, so I won't be getting into too man specifics about the food but you can trust that is excellent. Brunch: get the doughnut holes as an appetizer, I don't think that was the intention but it works out gloriously. Everything else is awesome, the pancakes are amazing and they have this cream on them that words cannot explain. I personally ordered the sausage and gravy, if you can handle some weight early on in the day, give them a try but make sure someone at the table orders the pancakes and is willing to share a little (good luck with that btw). Dinner: Come in enough to try just about everything. If you live in the area this should be you're go-to spot. Period.
Often, at least once a week, I'm here having a Pastrami Reuben and an IPA. Sometimes I'll switch it up and have the Fatoosh Salad w/ Chicken and a side of Fried Okra. Where else in Phoenix can you find Okra? I prefer dining on the outside patio to being inside, that's just me. There've been a number of friends that have visited from Pittsburgh or Denver, this is the spot that I bring each of them. The Windsor is known for it's local vibe that embraces you the moment that you enter. Don't let the pub and tavern feel throw you, there is great food here and some fine hand-crafted cocktails as well. There's also complimentary valet by Desert Parking, hand the guy / girl $2 or $3 dollars, it's worth it. Windsor Square has strict parking enforcement due to the increased traffic from Upwards Projects restaurants ( Joyride Tacos Central, Federal Pizza, Postino Central, Churn and Windsor.) I might even go as far as to say that they are re-creating the North-Central business community, in a good way.
I like to dog pile on the other great reviews about windsor. Something about the ambiance of this place made me feel like we were not in Phoenix any more. It's like I clicked my heels and we were in the 90's. I know I went from physical change to a time space continuum one, weird right. But that's how I felt and I have a right to my feelings. Anyways, check it out, good food and really nice place.
All I can say is YUM!!! Went here for happy hour and the deviled egg dip appetizer is amazing! They also have an awesome drink selection. Came back for lunch and then brunch and LOVED the crab cake eggs Benedict. Hands down the best eggs Benedict in Arizona. Also tried the brown bag chicken sandwich and it was solid too. Never have had anything here that wasn't outstanding. Give it a try!
Friendly, fun vibe, great burger
Cool little local place. Ate healthly and not that happy about it. Not because it wasn't good, the ahi tuna salad was delicious. When fried chicken, burgers, sweet potato fries and a bunch more are on the menu, I want the bad stuff. Looking forward to coming back.
Friendly staff! Tasty food! I could drink gallons of the red sauce!
I'll cut to the chase... Had a delivery/credit to my account "issue".... Not a big deal at all... The way they handled it... THAT WAS A BIG DEAL!!! Not only did they rectify the situation IMMEDIATELY, but went FAR "above and beyond" to make sure that I was a happy camper...AND I AM!!! The food and the service are both FABULOUS... I'd recommend ANY of the Calzones...they are INCREDIBLE and HUGE...Also the Italian Beef Sandwich (w/ extra Au Jus for dipping),,,-probably the best "French Dip" I've had in years... You can NEVER go wrong with the Pizza...ALWAYS delicious!!! We order from them (delivery or pick up) at least 1-2 times a week as well as eating in the restaurant... In a nutshell...ANYTHING you order with the Marinara Sauce (which is just about everything) will be AB-FAB... The staff is great (Bus-Staff, Servers and Managers)...AND...When there was a problem, they made certain that when all was said and done, I felt like a valued customer... If you're looking for a great, local, casual place to have a WONDERFUL meal... Spinato's is the ticket!!!
I've been going to Spinato's Pizza for a few years now and it's one of my favorite places to come eat when I'm craving a pizza. My roommates and I always order a large pizza and the Antipasto Salad to share. They cut the pizza into tiny slices so it's easy to eat and we always have leftovers.
As an ex Chicago area pizza eater, I know good pizza. This IS GOOD pizza. Oh, to make it even better how about $2 Old Styles. BAMM!
Friendly staff Great croissant sandwiches and aforementioned blueberry muffin . I had a mocha which tasted like coffee not the crazy sugar taste you get at sbux or other chains
Great service. My old system was falling apart and the estimator was very honest with me about the problems that would come from trying to patch it back together. The replacement system was priced right and installed quickly. They did a very neat job, with great detail on tucking the drip lines under rocks and in the plants. Note that they do accept credit cards but only up to $1500. They were good about taking an electronic payment from my bank. (They also take checks, but who uses those???) I definitely will recommend them in the future.
I contacted Pro Irrigation Services two days ago and talked to Josh about our drip irrigation system which was not working consistently. Our irrigation controller was only about two years old (installed by a landscaper), but was acting up. Josh said that the controller would be covered by a warranty even though they didn't install it and I did not have the paperwork. Tyler came out the next day and after I described the problems I was having, he told me how the solder points on the back of the circuit board were the problem. I also asked him about a crack in the solenoid at the irrigation valve. To summarize, we agreed to replace the faulty parts and Tyler did a great job. He patiently explained everything he would do so that I understood exactly what was needed. It was clear that Tyler knew irrigation systems very well. He is an expert! These guys will be my go-to guys for all my irrigation needs going forward. They never put any sales pressure nor try to upsell any components. I wish all professional services were as professional as these guys.
I love the whole concept of Cycle and Jeff Kraus and his crew hit it out of the ballpark tonight with Experience. I started with the Tiramisu martini which was somehow even more fabulous than it sounds. Luscious and creamy, they (yes, plural) went down too easy. For a starter I had the frog leg lollies which would change the mind of any one turned off by frog legs. I could eat those everyday. Perfectly crunchy with just the right amount of sauce and nestled in a pillow of bleu cheese foam- seriously, how could you not like that? I plucked each delicious little morsel of meat off that froggy femur with delight. My first amuse bouche arrived- a prosseco rimmed in pepper- with a lightness that really helped to set up my next course, the "Not a Frisee aux Lardon". The peppery arugula and perfectly poached egg was highlighted by the crunchy, salty bits of pig's ear. I scooped up every last bite with the brioche. Another amuse of peach sorbet and basil was a nice palate cleanser. Dessert was a difficult choice between the skillet cookie with wild turkey creme or the nitro sundae. I went with the nitro sundae and could not have been more pleased. A truly beautiful dish, the crack of the perfect chocolate sphere revealed a gorgeous custard. The crystallized strawberries, caramel, almonds and chantilly finished this dish off with the perfect ratio of crunch and cream. I hear Jeff is looking for a brick-and mortar place. Even in this tough market, I have no doubt he'll succeed.
Great service, fantastic prices, will shop there again.
I love this place...everything here is fabulous...its ice cream treats...everyone can find something to love...i know that i have...the owners oncd again have done a fabulous job...this place is crowded for a purpose...because its amazing and fun...i love it
Delish! We were looking for a treat after the Dbacks game... Picked the right spot! The girls are sweet and patient with my indecisive husband. I had the Vietnamese Coffee with a peanut butter cookie on the bottom (bomb choice) and he had the mint cookie which he says was "good". Reasonably priced...just wish there were more places to sit!
Five star! the place is well decorated. I was like a kid in a candy store! Love it! So colorful and full of fun stuff. I took a pic with the nerdy glasses. The person who helped me and the cashier was very friendly. I got the vietnamese coffee sandwich with chocolate chuck cookies and the molasses crisp. Yumm!!!
I adore this charming sugar shop. The ice cream and cookies are delicious! If you are looking to satisfy your sweet tooth I would highly recommend Churns.
Absolutely delicious ice cream sandwich! Mint chocolate cookies with mint cookie ice cream. The cookies were very moist with a little bit of crunch from the mint. The ice cream was perfect. It was a combination made in ice cream heaven. The staff was great - very friendly and serving a line of people at 10:30pm with speed and grace. You can sample the ice cream flavors if you aren't sure. Very clean very cute place. Nice patio outside back. Will be back next time we are in Phoenix.
Sooo I'm obsessed! Lol I LOVE this place! First time I got the marshmallow with graham crackers? Forgot the name!! Anyways it was a little pricey but once I got my sundae, that thing was huge!! Needless to say I obviously did not finish it. Second time I went I for the strawberry shortcake =bombness!!!!! Can't go wrong with this place. Excellent customer service just a little packed but line goes quick
Been here a couple times and really like it. It's a cute little ice cream shop. Fun and friendly staff and the price isn't terrible. Got a waffle cone and loved the strawberry ice cream I got. Great area of town.
Stopped in here when my flight from Phoenix to Raleigh showed a 3 hour delay... they have very comfy lounge chairs and coffee tables that are perfect to take advantage of the free wi-fi in the airport. The staff was courteous and when they had ran out of queso, the manager brought me out complementary chips and salsa. The service was excellent with the waitress coming to check on me multiple times and refilling my drink. As for the food. the beans were spiced excellently, the rice was good and soft not undercooked, and the steak tacos were phenomenal, in the home made corn tortilla. Overall excellent.
"Corny" (Cornelius) is a master electrician who takes great pride in every single job he does. I have used him on several occasions now (home and business), and have always been impressed by his craftsmanship, timeliness, and reasonable rates. This is a guy you can really trust.
In my years working in the design business, I have worked with numerous account executives and vendors for printing, binding, and mailing. The level of customer service provided by Biltmore Pro Print far surpasses that of any other vendor and we have therefore moved all of our printing, mailing, and bindery needs to Aaron Quartullo and his staff. Aaron accepts any project proposed to him, and delivers them perfectly and on time. From the beginning of our relationship with Biltmore Pro Print, we have often said that we feel as though we are their only customer, because they can always pick up the phone, always return an email quickly, always answer a question, and will always come by the office if we need something. The entire staff is very professional, and everyone is kind and willing to help whenever they can. Customer service is clearly the highest priority at Biltmore Pro Print, and they have never disappointed us. Regardless of our deadlines, Biltmore Pro Print can always help us meet them. Even if the error is on our part for not leaving enough lead time for the job, Aaron will make sure that they deliver any job when we need it. We have never been promised a deadline that was not met. As a designer, I always push the creative envelope. I have often pushed the limitations of a print house or a bindery to its breaking point, and have had a sub-par product delivered because of that. With Biltmore Pro Print, I feel as though I can be as creative as I want, knowing that what I design will always be executed perfectly with amazing color, crispness, and precision. In the Communications Office, we have very critical eyes for perfection. We want to make sure that every color is perfect, every fold is lined up, every cut is crisp and straight, and every other aspect of a project is flawless. We have never had a vendor who delivers as perfect of a product as we require as consistently as Biltmore Pro Print. There is no vendor that I have worked with that I would recommend as highly as I do Biltmore Pro Print. I use them for all of my business and recommend them to anyone inquiring about a service that they provide. or employees.
Shauna cut my hair beautifully and kept to my requests. My mid-length naturally coarse, wavy hair has some damaged bits from past bleaching. I'm in the process of growing my hair out, and she respected that, but was still able to weed out the crappy sections. Shauna has fabulous hair cutting skills, and is apparently a talented artist in other mediums. She is quiet and kind. I liked how she didn't need to be chatty. I also appreciate her not pushing products on me, even though I am going to pick up some pureology items from her when mine are empty. Parking can be a squeeze behind the salon. There's a back door, so it's easy in and out. Appointments are all done through the salon's site which is tremendously easy. I am newer to Phoenix and have been trying to find stylist who I consider great enough to continue visiting. I am definitely going back to Mercantile for my next hair cut, or sooner yet to shop. Be ready to peruse some great vintage clothing and jewels. I don't often write reviews, but I feel like salon reviews can be extremely helpful. I hope this one helps you decide who cuts your hair next.
Went here on st. patty's day after a spring training game. Excellent service, our bartender was really friendly/ helpful guy. Had my favorite beer: dogfish head 90 minute which made me ecstatic since I haven't had it in a while. We ordered the brie cheese, candied panchetta, and heirloom tomato bruschetta...must say, up there in the top five best things i've ever eaten. The outdoor patio is badass
We came to Zipps because we know the burgers are like those at Goldie's - absolutely yum - and much closer (even though it's still a trek of a drive from home). The first time my hubby and visited was also the first time to try their golden wings. Can we say "best wings ever"? At least they are IMO. I do not, however, like their fries. Soggy blahness. Onion rings - good. The second time we visited was on hubby's birthday. The parking lot was packed and we were in doubt that we'd get a table quickly. But to our surprise there were still a few open tables. This time I had the pepper jack focaccia (chicken, bacon, avocado, pepper jack, garlic mayo). It was sooooo cheesey and delicious. It also came with a side of some sweet jalapeno sauce. It was good, but a bit too sweet. Our friend had the chicken fingers which he was a bit disappointed with. They were battered with that smooth type of batter (I don't know what it's called) and were not very crispy at all. Our entree orders took sooo long that he was able to (after trying our golden wings) switch from regular buffalo to the golden stuff. Friend casually mentioned that it was husband's birthday in front of our waitress and she exclaimed "oh! Then you get a free desert or shot!" He couldn't decide on a shot, so told her to surprise him. She brought him a chocolate cake shot. How fitting! The Chambord Zipparitas get 5 stars all on their own. These things are delicious! Small blended margaritas for only $3 during happy hour! And boy do they pack a punch! I guess that's why there is a limit of 3? Hahah. Other HH drink/food specials are awesome as well! I hate that this is the closest Zipps to my 67th Ave/Happy Valley home, but on the other hand, that may be a good thing for my health and wallet.
Delicious food. For some reason the beer just taste better here. And the bartender named Katie is AMAZBALLS and has a great rack.
Great service even during sporting events. They have MAGIC HAT #9 on tap which is perfect after mountain biking trail 100. Great rotating happy hours also.
So I read a lot of the recent reviews and I am not sure why there are so many negative reviews. Look, this is not meant to be a completely "authentic" Mexican food restaurant. If you want that, go to Ranch Market. I am Mexican-American and for the most part, this is traditional Mexican food. The rice they serve there is white rice not the traditional red rice you find at most places. But, that is Mexican rice, but from a different part of Mexico. The beans also tasted great! Nice and salty, just how I like them. The atmosphere is nice and it's at the Biltmore so it's got that going for it. The wait staff was very friendly. I brought my 2 month old little girl and they were very accommodating. Also, I tried the Jalapeno Margarita everyone was raving about and it was yummy! And the chips and salsa was surprisingly good. Chips weren't too hard or salty and the salsa had a great seasoned flavored. All in all this was a great place. I would definitely go back!
really good gourmet Mexican, we got the corn chowder and grilled corn for the app, then we got the chicken enchiladas and the Black Chile (the best dish ever)...Go here and give it a try, you will love it....upscale and good food.
Very yummy and fun ambiance!
My visit to Stand Up Live is sure to be the first of many. I went with friends to see Dave Atell, whose show was very entertaining. We had a great table, and looking around it appeared to me that they are all great tables. Our server was friendly and attentive without being obtrusive. I liked the intimate setting. It led to a feeling of familiarity between the audience and the performer to the point that Mr. Atell was also gracious in allowing photos with the audience afterwards, which may not have happened as naturally in a larger venue. I am happy to have another great option for a fun night out in downtown Phoenix.
After eating here today, all other Greek restaurants are dead to me... The menu is simple enough with large pictures for someone like me who is not yet familiar with all the terminology when it comes to Greek food. The owner was beyond friendly, and was willing to field questions as we stared at the menu making our decision. My indecision brought me to the 2 meat plate, both the beef and the chicken were delicious. Rice was great and plentiful, and we were even brought pita bread for our already enormous lunch. I will definitely be back (with reinforcements). I was only there an hour ago and I am already thinking about attacking my take-home box in the fridge.
Found this place on accident. As many other Yelpers.. Neno, hooked us up with free samples, soup and made sure we were happy.. he knows word of mouth is the best advertising! we ordered the Flafel salad, chicken sandwich, and i ordered the Gyro dinner with rice. The food was fantastic! the soups were delicious. the price was perfect! portions were out of control! If you go, you will be back, i know I have!
I don't like to give five stars to any place because, really, who can be perfect? Gotta say though, Good Fellas comes pretty darn close! I've been a few times now and tried a number of different options. The 2 or 3 meat combos are staples of goodness with highlights on the chicken and the delicious garlic sauce that matches it so well. The vegetarian platter is also fantastic and I have no problem picking it on a number of different occasions. For sandwiches, the marinated chicken on french bread was just right. To top it off, the service and atmosphere is an example of how to do things right. I don't think I would have found this place without Yelp, but I'm sure glad I did. With a great restaurant like this, I can't help but keep coming back!
A great find! Family owned hole in the wall with best Mediterranean in Phoenix. Large portions, great prices. And yes, free tasty soup!
This place is great. Food was awesome, with plenty of spices and herbs in everything! Athena wasn't sure she was going to have anything (She's not that fond of Greek food, despite her name. I think her anti-fondness stemss from some lame aversion to lamb...go figure). So, the guy behind the counter taking the order suggested the #7 2-meat combo for her, which is expertly seasoned ground beef, and nicely marinated, big ol' chicken breast cubes. She ended up totally loving it, and taking some photos because it looked so nice. (I'll update those later on. ) I went with the #12 gyros plate, because I have no aversion to lamb whatsoever. In fact, I seek it out. I took some pix too, but I couldn't figure out how to operate her camphone very well - so not sure those will be upload worthy. Drinks come in those red plastic glasses, which I've always loved for some reason. The fountain is Coca-Cola products - but I won't dock them for that, because there was at least Orange Fanta, and a high-tech kinda brewed tea thingy. We got some soup samples "on the house". Lentil, and curried chicken/potato. Both totally awesome. The place looked fabulous, and was getting better while we were there. They were busy painting an area where apparently a 42"-ish TV had been hanging, so they could replace it with a spanking new 50" LED model. That'll make 3 of those babies in this nicely appointed place. All were tuned to sports networks - so you should be able to catch a game while u eat! Only drawback - no beer or wine. A nice carafe of a decent house red would really put this place over the top - as far as strip-mall gyro places go. I hope they add this option - and get ahold of one of the local brewers (Old World Brewery? SanTan?) to supply them with some #craftbeers, rather than opt for some draft crud from one of the big 3.
Found this place on Yelp and decided to try do to great reviews....they did not disappoint. Nino was very friendly and was helpful with his recommendations. My husband and I tried both their potato and lentil soup, both were great. We also had a 2 meat plate and a gyro with fries, which were Delicious. Amazing authentic Greek food at awesome prices.
Amazing little place for lunch! We really liked the atmosphere and we were the only ones dining there for lunch on a Saturday! I had sandwich #1 and it was superb! It was nice they had some samples out to try too. The kids even liked it there!
FAST FOOD & PERSIAN FOOD ARE USUALLY NOT SYNONOMYS! As A Persian Food Aficionado, I have had Kabob all over the world... I love Persian Food! "No!" I love good Persian food! Well the first few times I was walking into The Subway restaurant next door to this place I peeked, but was very hesitant to walk in! Well thanks to my buddy I finally tried it. I must say I was pleasantly surprised! The Kabobs: Kubiedeh, Barg (the cuts of fillet), and Chicken Kabob are all tasty, and the daily dishes are all very authentic & tasty. The ambiance is standard fast food restaurant, the staff is very friendly & greets you when you walk in, and answer any questions you may have. So if you want to skip McDonalds and Subway and go Mediterranean, Zaytoon Kabob is a great choice for the real Middle Eastern dining experience!
Well I can say I am a frequent diner and very happy to say I will continue to eat here again. For a while I had been passing by now wishing i would have taken a chance on dropping in sooner. Groupon is what sold me. I got a killer meal deal which drove me to come in. I am surprised by the reviews as I have not had anything but great experience every time I have visit this location along with quality food. I don't eat Shrimp or Lamb so my reviews are on everything else. The meat is seasoned very well. The salad is amazing. It is not your typical mixed green salad they actually make it pretty loading it with the color veggies that make a mixed green salad taste well. I typically just eat there Champagne Vinegarate but they offer many other salad dressings. Along with the grilled tomato and pita bread make the meal even more enjoyable. My last order was #19 the Chicken Kaboob Meal. This was Grilled Chicken, Rice, Salad, Pita Bread and a Grilled Tomato. Everything was perfect. Fresh flavorful and hot. They cook everything to order so be prepared to wait at least 15 mins but it is worth it for good food. All the staff on deck are welcoming. It is a small little place with plenty of seating. Stop on in grab a drink and be prepared to enjoy.
Dr. Martin Rocks! I have been to several chiropractors over the years and the care I received in this office is exceptional. I trust Mr. Martin with all my healthcare decisions and I refer friends and family in for his expertise. Stop suffering form pain and go see him you won't reget it!
As a golf professional, I am in continual need of adjustment. I have had many chiropractors and physical therapists work on me and none have displayed the knowledge or thoroughness that comes easily to Dr. Martin. Choosing a chiropractor can be a difficult decision, Dr. Martin's expertise makes the decision much easier.
I would highly recommend Dr. Martin to anyone who is looking for not only quality chiropractic care but also a neurology background that provides a totally different insight to my health concerns. He takes into account your overall body and mental wellness, which means he finds solutions for complete systems, rather than isolated symptoms.
I am so thankful to have found the Art of Touch. Christine is so friendly, such positive energy, and amazing knowledge for the healing I am seeking. I live in Chandler and this will be a place that I will drive too anytime. I look forward to getting a set plan in place. She does not mess around. If you need healing, she is the place! Don't miss out! Btw, neatest office space and atmosphere ever!
Frenchys has some of the best hot dogs I've tasted in Arizona! You better check this place out before long lines start forming because it is diffidently working up a fan base fast! You can't really write an in-def review on this place. If you like hot dogs and are looking for the best hot dogs in Arizona go to Frenchys. Sorry for sounding like I'm advertising the place haha. You go try it! You won't be disappointed!
I absolutely loved your Chicago dog ! Thank you so much for your great dogs and fabulous service ! We will love to have back at our bar for special events !!!
What a great idea! I love trying new things and having a Caribbean hot dog was something I haven't tried yet. Needless to say I was thoroughly pleased. I had the Italian sausage dog with traditional and super spicy! Next time I want to try one of the fruit relishes like mango or papaya with the hot dog. It wasn't overbearing hot but had a great kick and good flavor. Frenchy is such a great guy who is super friendly and really genuine. Met him at Grand Canyon University where he had his cart set up. I will definitely give him my business in the future when I see him around campus! Give it a try!
Very fresh and great tasting donuts. Wonderful customer service. Believe it may be family owned. A regular stop for us. By far, the best donuts in Phoenix.
BoSa Donuts rock my world, Apple Fritters and Twist are my favorites. This location is near my job and stop on my way into work when I am feeling generous. I have had their donuts stay fresh in the box the whole day into the next day, you cannot go wrong with a BoSA $6.99 dozen.
Best donuts hands down! We go every Saturday before soccer with our boys. They are to die for- a must try.
Best donuts I've ever had!
Their donuts are awesome :) and that's not necessarily a good thing when I live and work less than a mile away! The drive through is fast and easy and the people that work there all seem very nice and helpful. Bonus points for having Thai iced tea.
Super moist, sugary and delicious donuts and awesome smoothies WITH boba! You can't lose!
I recently discovered boba smoothies when eating at a Vietnamese restaurant with my boyfriend and his family. I am obsessed! I searched on Yelp for boba tea in my area and Bosa Donuts appeared to be the closest place with a drive-thru that sold them. The good news is they are open 24/7 so I am able to get my boba smoothie or tea fix whenever I want. I have tried their mango and watermelon and both were really good. My boyfriend has ordered the banana strawberry and the melon so far and he was also pleased with both of the flavors he chose. I also ordered my brother a ham and cheese bagel sandwich and he said it tasted amazing. I have only visited this location twice and late at night and there is a wait time which I don't mind because they take the time to make the drinks/food great quality. This is my new stop for late night munchies.
I first met the owner, Nicki, at the Ahwatukee Farmer's Market. My husband and I had started to frequent this one and of course the sign for cupcakes caught our eye! Who can resist cupcakes? We struck up a conversation that lasted for several hours, because her attitude and personality is just the best, you don't want to walk away! And who could, there's cupcakes there! The award winning Red Velvet is to die for, but I've never had a single flavor that I didn't like! What's so great about the Cupcake Cafe is that Nicki is constantly doing new flavors, so there's no stagnant choices from week to week. She's very creative, even going so far as to make savory cupcakes {her Deep Dish Pizza won a prize at Cupcake Love-In} I've done some photography for them as well, and they couldn't have been more pleasant to work with. I look forward to working with them more {cupcake samples? yes?} and especially excited for holiday flavors!
Just received my delivery of cupcakes that I purchased through Nicki's Groupon! I asked for the baker's choice (four flavors she picks). The cupcakes are absolutely beautiful (sparkly for New Year's Eve!) and taste phenomenal.
I love the Cupcake Cafe. The owner Nicki delivers your order right to your door, or if you are lucky, you can find her at several Farmers' Markets (check her schedule). I like that I can order classic chocolate cupcakes with delicious vanilla butter cream frosting. They are fresh, don't fall apart, and you don't have to choose a filled cupcake or exotic flavor... unless that's what you prefer. Her customer service is great. There are more famous cupcakes, but we think these are the best.
Great place for a hike with well marked trails and multiple skill levels to chose from. The park is great for kids too.
ValleyPro Pest has been really wonderful! They are very understanding, easy to get a hold of, quick, and meticulous. I sublet to someone who gave me bed bugs and caused me to get in trouble with my landlord. ValleyPro Pest was really helpful in handling the whole situation - satisfying my landlord's ridiculous demands and paperwork - and they did it all with such kindness! The exterminators dealt with all of my paranoid questions patiently and were very willing to come out and double-check everything to put me at ease. Their customer service and the high quality of their work and thoroughness made them SUCH a deal. I highly recommend them to anyone with a pest problem! Call them ASAP!
I've been drinking Starbucks coffee for years, but as soon as this place showed up I will only go to Starbucks if I'm way out of town. The coffee is strong and made with such flavor that you just can't compare it to Starbucks. Their staff is helpful and know how to make coffee. The atmosphere is relaxed and allows for kids to play around without knocking stuff over. My wife and I are definitely impressed and are loyal to this local business!
I am a mother of 3 young children and we all love going to The Play Factory at Desert Ridge! All of my kids love climbing up the rock climbing walls and sliding down the slides. My sons love the video game playing areas and my daughter and I have a lot of fun playing Ms. Pacman together. I think the staff members are like wonderful camp counselors with all the kids and they're very helpful and encouraging on the rock climbing walls. We also had my daughter's 4th birthday party at The Play Factory and then 5 kids in her pre-school class all had birthday parties there after that. The Play Factory has truly become the most "in" place to have a preschool birthday party. The kids have a great time and so do the parents. We all love the pizza that they order in for the parties. Oh - and the monthly Friday Night Character Dinners are awesome! All in all, I would highly recommend The Play Factory for great, indoor, air-conditioned FUN all year long!
Absolutely loved this place! I am a huge fan of live music & a big beer snob, so I was thrilled to find a great band & a huge craft beer selection at this funky joint! Service was friendly and quick, we'll be back for sure!
We went for late night before the band NORTH came on, and the chicken fingers were really great, thick breading and tenderly cooked white meat. The waitresses were awesome, I think Jenn helped us out, she did a really good job. I will be back for both good food and music, which is something I can't say about most places, its usually one or the other. No! Not at Copper Blues, amazing food, feel good music, packed house, energy and noms for this foodie. :-D
I had a great time here. They have a good selection of beer including a personal favorite"Delirium." They have good live music but no true dance floor. After a Delirium or 4 I made an impromptu dance floor in front of our table and made a fool out of myself.
this store is great. its been established in the neighborhood for a long time. i shopped here as a kid when checker owned it and now i am an employee under O'reilly Auto. please stop in and ask for me and i will help you with all your auto needs.
We thought we would give it a try... It was good! Had 2 rolls. Phoenix roll was good.... Add cucumber and it's awesome! Shea blvd roll was tasty! Spicy! Tuna sashimi was very fresh! We will return :) And the best part is they have kikusui!!!!!!
Best sushi I have had in a long time, and great prices!
I love this place. The sushi is amazing and the prices cannot be beat!
My girlfriend, from Texas, knows her BBQ well, and she gave this place 5 stars. I have to agree. Now I've only had "real" Texas BBQ once before, but this place was just amazing. The flavors....oh the flavors. Very clean and comfortable place. The owners are really nice, and they have college football on all the time, you have to love that. Please try....you will go back.
They should change the name of this place to just "BBQ House." The Texas part is unfair to them as the BBQ in the state of Texas cannot stand up to this place. I say this as I meander through Texas tasting any smoked flesh I can get my hands on. The brisket at the Texas BBQ House is the best I've ever had...hands down. I've eaten enough in my time to fill an airplane hanger so I think I'm qualified on the subject. If you fed this to a vegan, they'd leave the restaurant and go on a long spree of violence once they realized what they were missing in life. It's that good. Here's the thing though, average BBQ still tastes pretty good and most of your life you'll eat average BBQ. Once in awhile you'll get a perfectly cooked brisket or pork shoulder or rack of ribs that blows your mind. That's this place every single time. I'm not kidding when I say I'd take a half-pound of their moist brisket over a surf and turf from any high end steakhouse if given the choice. They only cook a given amount a day so make sure to get there early or call ahead to make sure they have what you want. When a place sells out of food daily...that's a good sign. They don't compromise their product by squeezing a few more briskets in the smoker. They have a formula for delicious food and they stick to it. Some would say the location and shack-like appearence are a downside. It's out of the way for sure but I find that to be a good thing. If this place were near my home I'd weigh 400 lbs easily. If you come here and don't like the food, you just don't like BBQ. You might like BBQ sauce but you don't like BBQ. And if you don't like BBQ, I weep for your misfortune.
Call me Frank Underwood because I just found my version of Freddie's BBQ Joint (for all of you who watch House Of Cards). I came here on a whim after seeing the reviews for this place and boy were they correct. This place is what BBQ is supposed to be. The meat is flavorful and moist. You can taste the smokiness and the flavor from the love they put into their meat. The way they serve the food is also pretty cool! The sides are spectacular and the sauce is flavorful. The staff here is also very helpful and you can tell they take pride in their food. The actual place is non description and is exactly how a BBQ joint should be. I loved this place so much I got two servings! Well worth it! If you want BBQ this place will not disappoint. :)
Needed a place for lunch the first time I was in the area.. Went there for lunch and dinner both days and now I'm back and made this account just for this place.. Best pulled pork ever and the employees are very nice. Will be going here all 3 days I'm here.
The moist brisket was amazing, just fatty enough that it melts in your mouth and the flavor is better than most brisket that I've had. The Texas creamed corn was so good I could eat a tub of it. I wish I didn't live all the way in Los Angeles, but I'll definitely be back.
I recently was in the market for a new dentist, so I searched yelp to find the best dentist in phoenix, and I was surprised at how clearly McAdams Dental stood out amongst all of the other dentists in Phoenix. I scheduled a visit and was happy to find that the whole dental staff was friendly and made the visit fun. From Terry and Marilyn who registered me and made my appointment, to Jaime who cleaned my teeth perfectly to Candice and Don who took care of my teeth afterwards, the entire team was great. I highly recommends this dental office to anyone in the market for an excellent dentist, a pain free dentist, a friendly and reasonably priced dentist or just the best dentist in Phoenix.
Its hard to believe that these guys could possibly live up to the hype, but I am completely satisfied after my recent experience in their office. I had my teeth cleaned by Jaime who was gentle and highly talented at her craft. I also had an examination with Dr. McAdams confirming for me that I do not need an extensive amount of dental treatment. The office is warm and friendly, and I am confident that they would only recommend treatment that I really needed. As a bonus, they were listening to some really great music during my appointment and everyone there seems to really enjoy their job. This is my new dental home!
Thank you Dr. McAdams and Team!! Amazing staff, amazing experience and super helpful. Had a dental emergency and it was handled professionally and quickly. This is how it is supposed to be when you meet with a medical professional and staff. As weird as it sounds, looking forward to the next dental visit.
After making few phone calls to compare prices for my diving watch battery replacement, this place offered by far the best price. While at the shop, the owner was very friendly, the service was fast, and much cheaper than other Jewelry shops would have charged. Great experience, I highly recommend!
I absolutely love this place! I've never had anything but spectacular customer service and they have so many yummy and guilt free choices that we make this a monthly treat (sometimes twice) for the whole family.
I've never had their pizza. I've never had their salads. I HAVE HAD THEIR MEATBALL SUB WHICH IS...BY FAR... THE BEST MEATBALL SUB I HAVE EVER HAD THE PLEASURE OR PUTTING IN MY BIG MOUTH!!! Holy crap... I mean... HOLY CRAP. Sorry for yelling but I wanna shout it from the rooftops. Have you ever eaten something so good that you were mad that you hadn't ever eaten it before? Its rare, but that is what happened to me the other day at Oregano's. I've had hundreds of meatball subs in my 34 years on this earth. Most were decent. NONE compared to what I had the pleasure of eating the other day. Its also huge. My wife and I shared the calamari appetizer (it was ok) and split this monster sandwich at about 1:30 and neither of us were even hungry for dinner. We added onions and peppers per the recommendation of the excellent bartender (who is truly awesome at his job... a real pleasure to watch work). I also recommend getting a side a marinara, so you can drizzle a little on each bite. Just do it. Next time we go we will split the "small salad", which is HUGE and this sammy. Maybe wings, which are also excellent here. Here is my solemn oath.. I, Nick R., will never, EVER, step foot in an Oregano's again without ordering this heavenly creation, my new bestie, the meatball sub. I'm glad the Chicago deep dish pizzas take 45 minutes to cook (heads up, you can call ahead if you want one), otherwise I would have never had the pleasure of making its acquaintance. Thank you Oregano's... thank you from the bottom of my heart.
This place is awesome! Great atmosphere, great service, excellent food!! We ordered the Clark street meat and Grandma Gs potato pizza. It was fabulous!! The sauteed onions were the perfect compliment to the pizza! I definitely recommend this place to anyone. We came with four kids, and they weren't a problem.
Really impressed with this facility as it's only a couple of years old. The staff and volunteers were extremely friendly and helpful. It's a very large facility, which is good (lots of dogs/cats to pick from) and bad (that there is a need to protect so many animals). Had talked about getting a puppy for some time and today ended up being the day after playing with a friend's dog. Finally found our puppy after walking through 5 buildings full of dogs. Rounded up a volunteer and she let us play in the big fenced in courtyard. We started the paperwork right outside while still playing with the pup. Headed inside to the front desk, which is rather busy due to the size of the facility. The ladies at the desk were pleasant to speak with and very informative. She gave us a list of veterinarians throughout the valley that proved the first visit for free. Also let us know that they don't spay/neuter on Sundays so that we'd have to come back Monday afternoon to pick her up. She was $150 since it was the first day she was available. The price declines each day they are there. We opted to have her microchipped so it was an extra $25. We even came back on Sunday just to see her and play with her in one of the private rooms. Pick up was quick on Monday afternoon. She was rather sleepy having just been spayed that morning. No running or jumping for 10 days. All in all, we had a great experience finding our long term friend! Facility is clean, friendly, and fast. Sounds like they do offer other services besides adoption as people were bringing their pets in the lobby as well.
The big red wagon took myself plus a group of 10 to the Luke Bryan concert and we had a blast! Jennifer was our driver who was so sweet and understanding. My group was drunk and a little annoying towards the end of the night but she took great care of us. The ride was very reasonable, comfortable, and safe. I recommend them over a limo any day.
We where looking for local music lessons, and Arics name came up from our sons teacher and a few parents we know. They all highly recommended him for drums for our son. He is very patient and knows how to compliment and correct gently.
I am always on the lookout for a good, local, friendly place to eat with great food that is vegetarian-friendly, and I found it with Paradise Valley Burger Company. The food is fresh, high-quality, and delicious. They have items that are tasty with a bit of a twist, like their tater tots made from sweet potatoes. The veggie tacos were delicious, and my son devoured the breakfast sandwich. Their service is personal and attentive, and the owner himself came to check on our food and our experience. I love patronizing and supporting local businesses, so I'm happy to have this place in my neighborhood. I wish them continued success. I'll definitely be back!
I was not disappointed. The menu is simple, I like that. We had the Beach House and the Brle burger. The service was spot on. The food came out super fast. The flavor was out of control. A must try. "Eat Local!"
I thought I was being boring by ordering just a 'plain' cheeseburger and fries; however, the food was anything but that! The cheeseburger was delicious and had all kinds of yummy toppings: cucumbers, pickled radishes, a special sauce, and my choice of cheese. Even the bun was delish! The fries were seasoned perfectly as well. I think I ate every single bite of my food. The staff was excellent-super fast and helpful. I would definitely recommend this place to everyone, and I can't wait to come back to Scottsdale for more! :)
Coming from a "food critic".....this is the best burger joint that we have found and we would recommend this place to ANYONE! We loved their Brulee Burger...starting with a slightly burnt sugar coated bread that melts in your mouth as you bite into it ... this mouth watering burger bursts with flavor as the fried egg breaks open and the bacon and cheese combine in flavor giving you the most perfect moment! You could never go wrong with this order. On top of the savory fries...they have a jalapeno ranch that is a perfect combination with the sweetness of seasoning. We also tried their fresco tacos that were out of this world and bursting with freshness of flavor!!! A++++ This family owned business is a must do if you enjoy good food.
The best around. Great flavors and fun combinations. Make it your weekly stop for the burger special and shake special.
Stopped by after reading yelp reviews. Burger was amazing and so was the pulled pork!! My wife and I shared the beach house burger which was delicious. Kids meals were perfect size and love the little touches they added!!!
Burgers were outstanding! What a nice find. We were at the Mayo clinic seeing my mother-in-law and the kids were starving. This place came highly recommended so we went. We were not disappointed! The fried ice cream was a nice treat also!
Phoenix Glow is the best airbrush tanning studio in the Valley. I like that my color always comes out even and natural-looking - never orange! I also noticed that the solution doesn't smell as strong or bad as other places I've tried. On top of the tan itself, Ann is sweet and professional. Definitely try this place - you'll get lots of compliments on how great your skin looks!
Amazing lunch. Fresh Boars Head meats. Fresh bread (marble rye is awesome) and tr staff is great. One of the best sandwiches in the Phoenix area. Don't miss this place. You won't be disappointed!
Was in Phoenix for business and discovered this friendly, wonderful haunt near the airport. I had the best lunch ever - a Southwestern chicken chipotle panini. OMG! The guy behind the counter turned out to be the owner, and himself grew up in a family owned East coast deli. I had several expensive meals during my trip, but nothing was as tasty as my Lunch Lounge experience! I made sure I had time for a breakfast stop on my way back to the airport., and was again wowed with a huge breakfast burrito, great latte and a smile - all for less than my daily NYC latte and muffin. My client has never been to The Lunch Lounge, so next time I am in town, we have a lunch date at the best undiscovered charming cafe in Phoenix! I can't wait to share the secret!
A new favorite! Excellent service, clean, great prices and delicious food! I had the fresh spring rolls and white meat chicken pho. The chicken was in manageable pieces (almost "pulled") and the noodle-to-broth ratio was perfect. I will definitely be back! (minimum $10 for debit/credit cards)
We don't even know how to express our overwhelming gratitude for what Kym did for us, the pictures are beyond amazing! So many of them made us tear up because they so perfectly captured that day. We totally relived all of those dreamy moments because Kym was able to capture them with such amazing skill, passion, love for people and what it means to marry your best friend. We love her to death and couldn't have asked for a better photagrapher / friend, she truly is the best! We are so excited to to get them printed and hang them around our house as well as share them with our families. If you're looking for a photographer, you can stop now-you won't find anyone more creative and professional than Kym Ventola. She may start off as someone you hire but she will end up a part of your family. We love you Kym!
Cupcake mocha!!! Yum!!! Just looking at this adorable drink made me smile - topped with whipped cream and lots of rainbow colored sprinkles! It's an amazing, albeit very sweet, morning pick me up. It was so good that I decided I had to share the love: I went back the next morning and got three to take to my co-workers! (They loved them, too!) Food-wise I've now had the Southwest Breakfast Burrito which was excellent filled with eggs, veggies, meat (of-your-choosing), and home-made and perfectly seasoned potatoes. I've also now had the Turkey & Brie sandwich, which was pretty average except for the really delicious and unique jam on top. The sammie came with good, house-made Asian slaw. I will note that the food took a little longer than expected (will eat here if I have 20+ minutes to spare) but was worth the extra wait. All the meals were about $5 - $8, and the drinks were reasonable at $2 - $5. Service here was excellent! Everyone I've met has been sweet as pie. What else would you expect though seeing as the place is Coronado-resident owned? Gotta love supporting local business! I hope this review was helpful to you and that you'll join me in supporting this great local shop!
Came here after Royal Rumble. Bartenders were nice. Right across the street from the arena. Staff didn't care that we were yelling at people from the balcony. Drinks weren't extremely overpriced like the bars around Staples. Five stars. (didn't try the food)
Had to make 2 more trips to Fletchers within a week. Both were repairs that could have been all day affairs.... instead, I was out within 3 hours on the first, and 2 hours for the second. They had ordered the part the day before, and it was waiting when I arrived the next day. That made everything quick and easy. If you hate waiting in the shop, schedule after 11am and go get an ice cream at Baskin Robin's, or visit some other place in the shopping center while you wait.
Jenny is a true professional. I found Jenny through Yelp and she was even better than expected. Jenny did several alterations to my lace wedding dress including fixing the bustle that was done incorrectly by someone else and shortening the dress several inches. Jenny has a passion for designer dresses and made sure that all of the alterations didn't alter the original design. Jenny worked at Neiman Marcus for many years so you can trust her with your designer dress. I would highly recommend her! Also, if you need your dress dry cleaned or pressed I would talk to her about it, she works with a local dry cleaner and the dress came back looking absolutely perfect.
I needed the carpet stretched in my master bedroom and Chris did a fantastic job, especially considering how big the bumps were. He was extremely professional and got the job done quickly. I will definitely use him for any future carpet needs.
My husband and I are so grateful for this service. Dr. Fixler was exceptionally kind during the process, and his calm, caring nature ensured a peaceful transition for our cat Luxor. We take solace in knowing that Luxor did not suffer, even a bit, and was spared having to be transported to the veterinarian's office. End stage kidney failure took him so quickly, we were glad to be able to do this one small thing for him in the end. A heartfelt thank you to Dr. Fixler and his team.
Frankly, I think it's going to be hard to see anyone anywhere else after you see when it's done right. I was able to go to the soft opening of this place, and glad for the experience. What I liked: Great sight-lines from anywhere. The stage is a perfect size, height and shape. The room wraps around it. Good sound and lights. There were 10 people playing on stage and no difficulty fitting them on there! The bleacher concept is fab, and I like that some shows will have tables and chairs. The bartenders, especially KC, were friendly and accommodating. I notice they don't have the pour limiters you see in a lot of bars these days. Kudos. Front lounge is going to be a fantastic place to hang out even when there isn't a concert, and they're lining up some solid DJs. And food will come from Chris Bianco and Doug Robson? Yikes that's amazing. I'm so looking forward to my first concert here. Woo-hoo for the Crescent Ballroom!
Music venue: I believe this is the best one in town. Perfect combination of intimate standing and seating areas, and the sound is awesome. Every show I've seen here has sounded fantastic. A. Parking: easy enough. Plenty of metered street parking that becomes free at 8. Pay lot across the street for $5. Also very close to the light rail stop. B+. Food: Decent. Priced right. Had the barbacoa burrito and it was pretty tasty--better than Chipotle's, anyway. Good chips/salsa too. Wouldn't go out of our way to eat here, but if you're there and you're hungry, eat up. B. Bathrooms: There is a one-seater in the lounge (sucks for the people just hanging out in the lounge--the line can get long) and a large, extremely clean one in the music venue area. Never had to wait in line or hold my breath. A. Drinks: We were there the night they were sort of creating the Honey Badger and were lucky enough to be given a free sample. Hooked. They do cocktails right there. A. Beer selection: Meh. Probably the only thing I'm going to find to complain about is the beer selection. Two bars--one in the lounge and one in the venue--and they have slightly different beers on tap. So you can get a Hoegarten in the venue but not in the lounge. They have a Sierra Nevada on tap along with a couple of Four Peaks beers and Stella (I think) and that's it for the taps. A few more crappy domestic canned selections rounds it out. I think they could do a lot better here. You're using local chefs that use local ingredients to create menus here--why not take advantage of the local beer scene? Four Peaks is overused and overrated as far as I'm concerned, but people like it (I get it). How about some Sonoran? Prescott brewing? Nimbus? C. End of the day--I'm thrilled this place exists. I hope it puts the Clubhouse under.
I've seen Tyrone Wells, Tyler Hilton, and London Grammar here and the sound is great. Also love that it is a fairly intimate venue. It's also not a bad idea to get to the show early to check out Cocina 10's happy hour for great deals on amazing food such as their fish tacos. Super nice employees. As an ASU student I can park for free with my permit in an ASU lot nearby.
My favorite small music venue in Phoenix! Great place to catch Phoenix live local music.
There's never a bad night at the crescent ballroom. I really enjoy the music that they bring in and I love the intimacy of the concerts. Please don't change!
We recently moved to the area and needed a new vet. I used yelp to find this vet and I am glad I did! Dr. K and his staff are wonderful. Dr. K really takes his time with you and makes sure all your questions are answered. We recently kenneled our dogs over Christmas here and I was a bit nervous since it was their first time there. I was pleasantly surprised to receive daily email updates on our dogs..really made me feel more comfortable. After Christmas we got a new puppy. I was concerned she had an ear infection and called Saturday morning to see if I could get her in. They squeezed her in and Dr. K was again fabulous.. He didn't want me to have to wait all weekend if she had a problem. I really loved our vet in Wisconsin but am more than pleased with this new clinic! Highly recommend!!!!
This place is a spice wonderland! Whatever you are looking for they are likely to have it. The little kitchen vignettes are so cute and if you sign up for the catalog for this store through out the year they will send you free spice coupons plus there are great recipes provided as well.
I started hearing about this place a few years ago. However it is a bit of a drive from Glendale. Last week I was querying some friends for an herb I needed to fill an old recipe. One of them suggested Penzey's and after looking on line to see they carried it and knowing I was going to be in the East Valley today I made it a point to stop in. I'm hooked! I saw so many things that I had looked for elsewhere in the past and could never find. This will now be the first place I head for for those items you just cannot find anywhere.
I really like Penzey's. I come here for the Vietnamese Fancy Cinnamon. I love to bake, and it is a really good quality cinnamon. Great selection of other spices and herbs. I highly recommend Penzey's when you are looking for great quality!
amazing!!!! if you are traveling with or without family you will want to stay here. the hotel is spotless, customer service is outstanding and everyone from housekeeping, front desk to the chefs go out of their way to assist you anyway possible and make your stay the most pleasant. thank you.
I love Slade Grove's brownies! I ordered a dozen as a birthday treat for my sister. Slade was wonderful to work with and took great care of me and my order. My sister loved the brownies being delivered to her office and I was lucky enough that she brought them to me to share! Our favorite was the turtle brownie - yum! Great communication and delicious desserts!
This was My first time eating here and I was pleasantly surprised. The staff was super friendly and prompt. They have great happy hour specials. $5.00 sake bombers!!! woo hoo !! Karrisa (hostess) and Mike our waiter was fantastic!! the food is great too!
been here many times, this is great food at a good price. the people are fun and they have good service. fast cook times as well
Jack and Jill's Haunted Hill always manages to scare the bejeebies out of me. The storyline is so creative, and creepy! I've been going for 3 years now. Other huge pluses about this haunted house is that it's never an hour long wait, it's less $ than other haunted houses, and it's freaking amazing that this is a local production!! I've gone with my bf, and with friends. Can't wait to go back again a few times this year! It's located at the SE side of 43rd ave and Tbird, facing Tbird. Plenty of parking in the lot. Kids/ Family Friendly hour from 6pm-7pm.
Wow... A good burger joint from California not named "In-N-Out". Impressive. The Habit Burger Grill is relatively new in Arizona but I am glad they came out here from Cali. Definitely worth a try if you're into discovering new burger places to eat and think McDonalds and Burger King is subpar and disgusting.
Yum!!! Good quality, good prices!! A family owned restaurant with great service, I would definitely come back!
My Nephew dared me to open up an account on Yelp and write a review because I loved this little restaurant so much. So here goes, my first review. We found out about his restaurant because we were in the sister Halal Meat Market doing a little shopping. The girl at the counter highly recommended the restaurant next door if we were interested in eating out for dinner. We took up her on the offer and arrived just before 9pm. There were already a few people finishing up dinner. First we ordered the Baba ghanoush for the appetizer. It arrived fast enough with freshly baked Pita Bread on the side. The Baba ghanoush was excellent. Very Fresh and home made taste with just a bit of spice. The bread was chewy and warm and was the perfect compliment to the acidity of the Eggplant and the olive and spices. The Main Dish was a Chicken Shawarma Plate. It consisted of sliced pieces of Chicken, Rice, picked middle eastern vegtibles, and some yogurt on the side. The Chicken was very flavorful and moist. I would expect the meat to be fresh and good because the Butcher is right next door. I loved the picked Vegetable that accompanied the Chicken, it set off a nice balance to the spiciness of the meat. The rice was perfectly made and the dish as a whole was quite tasty. If you need some more spice, ask for a side of chili sauce. I'm not sure what it was, a mixture of sriracha sauce and something else perhaps. What ever it was, it was very complimentary to the main dish. I also ordered a side Middle Eastern Salad. It was very tasty but I probably would recommend that they add some more olives and other pickled veggies as it seemed a little lacking with lettuce and salad dressing the main component of the salad. When the bill came, I was so surprised how a great fresh meal for two was so cheap. Appetizer, Salad, main course and drinks all for under 30 bucks. Unbelievable!! I've eaten a lot of Gyro/Shawarma places all over the world and Ali Baba's come up right there with some of the finest places I have tried. The food is super fresh and the prices are very reasonable.
I use Lucky Me Pet Care on a regular basis, as I travel for business and some personal. They are very good with all my pets (2 dogs, 2 cats) and leave regular updates that I can review when I get back home. My pets get to stay in their own home and beds, the dogs go for regular walks, and they all get attention during the visits. Heather and her team take very good care of them, and she is very prompt about responding to questions. I have not yet used the email updates, but am looking forward to them.
Sorry folks, but it gets *no* better than Heather! Her team rocks!! I hired them to take care of mid day walks a few times a week for my Basenjis and first of all, I'm paranoid about the dogs and who watches them because one of them has an insane prey drive. I can always trust that they are well cared for and safe. My dogs (and cat) stayed at home while I went away for the holidays, I left them in the very capable hands of Lucky Me and when I got home, the cat was the only that acted like she was happy to see me. My lowrider said he was so well cared for he barely missed me! I was euphoric and disappointed all at the same time. Seriously, Lucky Me is the go-to place for pet care. They are ahhhhmazing!
Layla did my lashes for the first time last week, and I could not be happier! Layla made me feel very comfortable and relaxed. In fact, it was so relaxing that I almost fell asleep! Layla is very talented at what she does... This is something that is definitely worth it for any woman who wants a fabulous look. I will definitely be recommending "Wink" to all my friends!
Layla is the best!! I have had a full set and 5 fills now, and they are terrific. The first time she did them she gave all the instructions, etc., but I didnt fully realize how great they were until I saw others' less expensive, but far poorer quality lashes. When I came home, my husband, who notices nothing, was blown away!!
I visited Banfield with a sick dog. He belonged to my Dad and I am not real familiar with how vets work. The people here were wonderful. They were warm and gracious, it was a stressful situation made better by the kind women that work there. The Vet was so positive and has a really funny grin!!! All in all, I would definitely recommend this location to anyone looking!
I contacted Susan at SeaBlu because a coworker referred me to her. I have always maintained my pool myself and always had a clean, clear pool. However after the first dust storm hit the valley, my pool went from cloudy to brown to green in two days and nothing I tried worked. It was one of the most frustrating times a "do-it-yourselfer" could experience. I called Susan, she was out at the house within a few hours and immediately got my pool under control. She treated it that day, came back the next day to treat it again and educated me on what was going on the whole time. In a few days, my pool reversed course going from green to cloudy and finally crystal clear. Her knowledge of the issues and prompt service were outstanding and I was totally satisfied with the outcome. Rates are fair and communication was excellent. Highly recommend her and SeaBlu to anyone that needs emergency help or just weekly maintenance. Thanks for reading-hope this was helpful. Craig K
We hired Seablu after interviewing several companies around the valley. Susan's communication and attention to detail set her company ahead of the rest. Our pool looks fantastic and the pricing is perfect for the area. If you want personal pool service tailored to your needs, call Seablu!
Ordered off the dinner menu, it was spicy and flavorful. Big portions and friendly service. BYOB so don't forget your wine.
This TKD studio is the place to be for kids! They offer several classes throughout the week for children of all ages, as well as classes for adults too. I have gone on Mondays, Tuesdays, and Thursdays to watch, and every day, the older kids class is packed! But Master Joe pays attention to each and every student. The little tykes class is smaller, which is great for young minds. Another plus is they organize fun things to do besides class, like class pictures in fun poses (kicking, etc), a lock-in sleepover, and there is even a Kick-a-thon coming up in December to raise money for a local charity. I would recommend this studio to anyone interested in learning TaeKwon Do!
Lucky kitchen may look like a dive on the outside but inside it is clean and the food is amazing, just as a real Chinese person would eat. Yummy. And the prices are unbeatable epically for the portion size.
I have no had Firehouse three times in three weeks. I can easily say that this is my new favorite place to get a sub. Gone are the days of cold subs and bring in the hot subs. The best one I've had (so far) is the cheddar and brisket sub. Mouth watering and though it's 8:30AM, I could eat one right now. The service is great and they are always there to answer any question you have. Can't wait for the next trip!
I chose Gabe after reading the numerous positive reviews on Yelp. As a women, I try to leave these chores to my fiance, but he was unavailable and well, the shower needed to be fixed. I had nothing to be concerned about! Gabe was at our house within an hour of my first phone call. He was professional, kind, and fixed the problem quickly. In addition, he enthusiastically offered advice on other plumbing questions I had. I will not hesitate to contact Gabe directly the next time I have a plumbing issue.
I hired Gabe to fix a few plumbing problems in condo I recently bought, I found him on Yelp, between my last plumber being an a-hole, Gabe's Yelp Deal and his high ratings, I gave him a call. We talked a couple times over the phone prior to the job and he gave me a quote. He showed up on time, fixed everything he said would and was very professional about it. I would use him again should the need arise and I would recommend him to others.
Gabe did a great job with explaining options best for me. He is friendly, professional and reasonably priced! I had a faucet replaced and water softener installed - he was quick and even identified an issue with a clamp under the sink and fixed it for me free of charge. Woohoo! Highly recommend him for your plumbing needs. Uncertain how his scheduling would be for emergency services but I scheduled an appointment about 1 1/2 weeks out.
I hired Gabe based on his reviews from Yelp. He lived up to his great reviews. He was courteous, professional and very considerate. I already referred him to two people. Unfortunately he was too busy to help them, but yay for him for being too busy! You deserve it Gabe!
This place is beautiful! I came here when they opened for my first waxing experience (probably the most terrifying grooming experience for most women) and my girl Nicole made me feel about as comfortable as humanly possible in that situation. The receptionist staff is wonderful, welcoming and helpful. I highly recommend booking with the lovely Nicole, especially if you're a little nervous.
Urban wax is my jam. All the girls are always so nice from scheduling to dealing with me when I'm 15 minutes late for every appointment. I've seen 4 or 5 different waxers here and they all have their own way of doing things but it always turns out great.
We used Desiree's services 3 years ago to help us with our 5 month old boy. In 2 days she did wonders!!!! Our boy slept through the night and brought back our well needed sleep. I was very impressed with our results. I highly recommend her :)
I finally found my local nail place, that I actually enjoy returning to! They are always so friendly and clean! I have never had any issues. I have had to wait before due to the business but they always quote times correctly, and they take reservations too.
I never really knew what this charity did until I found myself in need of help. I now am devoted to them for their help they gave my family. It was December of 2008 and my first born son was delivered early due to a CHD and was air vac to St Joe's hospital. We were beyond out of our minds with fear. I had an emergency C-Section and I discharged myself early from the hospital I was at to go be with my son. Needless to say sitting on a hard stole after major surgery was not the ideal place for me. I was in horrible pain. My son stayed in the NICU in critical condition for days. I stayed by his pod in the dreary hospital during Christmas. We made the best of it as that is all we could do. The hospital was not close to us so it was not reasonable for us to run home to eat and shower. Christmas all restuarants are closed and it was late so the cafe in the hospital was closed. We were not about to leave our son on Christmas so we ate some crackers and snacks we packed. Our thoughts were grim and it was a happy time but yet a very frightening and sad time also as we waited hungry by my son's side. The Ronald McDonald house showed up and feed all parents in the NICU! This was the most uplifted thing that could have happened to us. We got to stay in the hospital and have a nice hot meal for Christmas. The volenteers where angels to take time out of their Christmas to come help us. The food was good and it just want we needed to lift our spirits a little. Their smiling faces was very refreshing and will never be forgotten. What a wonderful charity this is! Thank you for your service to the community!
Betty and her staff are the best dog groomers I've ever had. When I adopted my golden retriever, I took her to Betty's and washed her myself as a way to bond with my new dog. Betty's facility is so clean and organized, and the staff are sharp, friendly and helpful. Betty puts so much love into everything she does, and my dog loves going there. I highly recommend this groomer!
I had my Lab and Maltese in last week and they did a wonderful job on both. They are professional and know how to cut properly. They are super nice people with a "can do" attitude. Their prices and availability are good. Will return to this groomer in the future.
My puppy loves Betty's she is always happy and ready to go home. Previous groomers she has been terrified like she is being hurt. Not Betty's she is happy and healthy. They can always get her in and she always looks good they even notify you if something comes up like a cracked nail or blemish on the skin so you can keep an eye on it. I will always bring my dogs to Betty's it's worth every dollar
Yum! Glad it is now close to home.
I'll be honest, the burger isn't my favorite but I do ENJOY the Wisconsin Cheese Curds. I hate ordering them because Curd is just a weird word to say, but I'm always happy I say the weird word, cuz they are worth it! The other unhealthy thing I love here are the shakes. They look and taste great! The people said "hello, welcome to delicious" as soon as I walked in and they yelled "have a great day" as I left. I just think if you were having a bad day, how could this greeting not cheer you up?
Nick, Hilson and the rest of the gang ALWAYS make my day. Eat at the Bar when every you can. Entertaining crew and good value. I hate chains but this group is great. I bring clients here from Bell Ford when ever I can and they make them feel welcome and give the brand a good name.
Not a country fan or of gimmicks in restaurants. however, I'll never step foot in a different steakhouse. bone in ribeye is delicious, always get a loaded potato(easy salt) and veggies. lasts 2 meals because of the free bread and cinnamon buter. ask for some rolls to go, eat half the meal. bam, 2 meals. I suggest rare to medium rare if you wanna do this so you can reheat. great service, can be slow when busy but that's a full house, what do you expect?
Where do I begin? This place is AMAZING! I have been many times, and each time I try a new dessert and am always pleased. They have tsoynami's (think vegan Blizzard), an assortment of vegan/gluten-free pastries, coffee/espresso/non-coffee beverages, and more! My recent quest to live a life full of plant based foods has landed me here many times, as they offer soy, rice, almond, coconut, and hazelnut milks for my caffeinated bevvy of choice. They have, by far, the BEST vegan desserts I've tried thus far. Let me just say, if you're into things like moist chocolate cake, ooey gooey frosted cinnamon rolls, and super delicious doughnuts, this is the place for you. The staff is always nice and friendly, and they are usually dancing and/or singing, too. Come on, why wouldn't you go here?!
I'm not one for soy, vegan or vegetarian food, but my taste buds and blood sugar level were both happy after a chocolate donut and mocha latte.
I have a dairy allergy and a weakness for Ice Cream. I tried one of Nami's tSoynami's ($4.50 for a lot) which is sort of like a DQ Blizzard only made with what tastes like Homemade Ice Cream only this has Soy rather than Cow milk. I went with the Fluffernutterin (organic peanut butter, banana, ricemellow fluff and toasted marshmallow flavor). I can honestly say this was better than a DQ Blizzard. They also have yummy cupcakes and cookies and other treats, coffee & Sunday Brunch. I also like their restaurant Green located next door and I am far from a Vegetarian but good is good.
In my searching of vegan options in Phoenix I stumbled across Nami that was listed as a 100% vegan ice cream shop/bakery/coffee shop. Further search brought up photos of indulgent ice cream sundaes called tSoynamis. We had the perfect opportunity to check out Nami following my birthday dinner at Pizza Heaven Bistro, since it was just up the street. Not only does is Nami 100% vegan but they also carry many gluten-free options for those interested. Nami is located just next door to it's restaurant counterpart, Green. The staff was super friendly. Given so many choices they also gave us a hand selecting our tSoynami. My husband went with the "Mash" which is a mash up of baked goods and other yummy additions of the maker's choice. In other words a "Mash" will never be the same. He was quite impressed by the tastiness of his treat and I will admit I stole many spoonfuls of his. I chose the "Fluffernutterin'" which contained organic peanut butter, banana, ricemellow fluff and toasted marshmallow flavor. Definitely a win in my book. What made our experience even better? When I saw that our treats were served in a biodegradable 16oz cup along with a wooden biodegradable spoon. I'm all about reducing my carbon footprint. Checking out their Facebook page I see that they have Hot Fudge Sundays and Sunday Brunch, both of which I know I will have to check out. Not to mention, I definitely need to try some of their vegan baked goods ASAP. Vegan donuts exist too!! The good and bad is that it's a pretty big trek to Nami for us. Good since I think I'd be there every day. Bad, that I wish it wasn't that far. Even so I've visited Nami 4 times since arriving in Phoenix just under a month ago -_-. My excuses are that once it was my birthday and the other 3 I just happened to be in the area while exploring all Phoenix has to offer. Hey, I had to take advantage of my opportunities. Yes, vegan soft serve ice cream exists and it truly is heavenly.
NOTHING LIKE THIS PLACE ANYWHERE!!! i always have to get a different tsoynami when i come to phoenix. i crave this year round and look forward to coming back to phoenix almost solely to visit nami. it is soooooooooo delicious. this time i had a betterfinger tsoynami with chick-o-sticks in it. to die for. amazing.
Man! The ice cream here is better than real ice cream! Get the chocolate mint ice cream. So amazing! And affordable!
Vegan frozen yogurt. need i say more?! It's fracking delicious, dont even question the "vegan" aspect of it. go go go!
Pat was very professional and I really appreciated having her come to my house to groom my cat. My kitty hates me to brush her and had developed hairballs on her hind legs. I thought they would need to be cut off but Pat said she would brush them out and showed me the correct comb to use and the proper way to comb the hair. She then got to work and my kitty is hairball free, soft and sweet smelling from her bath. She cleaned everything up after she was done. It wasn't the cheapest grooming my cat has had but it was the least stressful and she is more playful and happier with her her new fur-do.
When I decided to buy a scooter, I had no idea what to look for. I visited AZ Scooter on Cave Creek Rd. saw all the choices and still felt overwhelmed! Right away, the owner of the store, Kurt Budday, came over, asked what he could do to help and was extremely helpful! He explained the difference and options of engine size, legal requirements (yes, you do need a motorcycle endorsement!), advised taking a scooter riding course and Chinese scooters vs all the other brands (and warranties). No pressure, just helpful guidance and a commitment to service. Thought I should do some comparative shopping and visited a scooter shop in Scottsdale the following weekend. Lots of bikes, just me in the showroom. When a salesperson finally came inside to see what I wanted, I explained that I was a first-time buyer and wanted a scooter for quick trips around the neighborhood. He suggested I visit their website, make choice and let him know. I asked about prices, makes and models, he asked, "Have you looked at our website? It depends on what you choose." Well okay! More than ever, I knew that AZ Scooter was the place for me. It's a busy shop on Saturdays, but customers are made to feel like there's all the time in the world to help them with their needs. When I made my purchase, I was confident that I'd made the absolute right choice! Before taking possession of my scooter, we went over the machine and all my questions were answered. And as I headed out of the parking lot, I thought, "Wow! What a neat group of people and what a find!" If you're thinking about purchasing a scooter, look no more! AZ Scooter on Cave Creek Road is the place to go!
The Bagel Man has the best everything bagels I have ever eaten. I go there for lunch a couple times a week. I enjoy the Boar's Head deli meats as well. Cal is there every day and always greets me with a smile and knows exactly what I like. Glad to see that since it has only been open a few months that he always has customers in there. I love to see the community supporting the small businesses in the area.
These people are from new jersey, like me, and are the only authentic bagel place in the valley. They never overload their bagels with cream cheese and their price for lox and cream cheese is the lowest in town! Even after being frozen these bagels still maintain a crunchy outside and soft inside. They never taste dense or heavy, these are 1 of a kind. It's a cozy small family operated place go and will not be disappointed! Just listen to all the compliments you'll hear during EVERY visit. YOu'll see why the Bagel Man is the man, OPEN EVERY DAY OF THE YEAR.
Blueberry Bagel is fresh yummy bagel heaven. Thanks Bagel man.
I am from New York. I was born in Brooklyn. My first word was Bagel. This place is fantastic. The staff is super kind and attentive. It would stack up against several places I love back home. If you are on a road trip and need breakfast, stop here.
worth a visit for housemade cream cheese alone. best and cheapest lox n bagel sandwich I've had.
Great bagels, great prices and great service... that's all that needs to be said... and I'm from NY.
DUH. THIS PLACE IS THE BEST. It is so nice not to have to drive to Tempe for my favorite menu. The decor is simple and clean, the staff is adorable and sweet. My favorite items from the menu? 1. No Harm Chicken Parm 2. Tahini Coleslaw 3. Orecciette pasta 4. The secret bbq chicken sandwich 5. Homemade curry pasta salad 6. Balsamic picnic salad Leave room for a Tsoynami. Just walk next door to NAMI and wait to be amazed. This place smells like sugar and coffee heaven.
Love the wings!
Yummy vegan treats! Not the most healthy but tasty and meat free.
LOVE LOVE LOVE Green! I would easily become a vegetarian if I could afford to eat here for every meal forever. The mock chicken is fantastic, I can't get enough of it, the texture is amazing. I like it way better than actual chicken, no other mock chicken can compare. Try the buffalo wings, samosas, krab puffs and curry with mock chicken, TRY EVERYTHING. And don't forget the vimto! Then head next door for some delicious pastries and tsoynamis!
I've been coming here for years and showing all of greens glory to my friends. Damon is a complete genius and combines casual food and a funky atmosphere in a location you would drive by everyday without realizing it. The bowls are awesome, I love the specials with catchy names. And tsoynamis! You own my soul.
I almost cried the first time I went to Green. For me one of the toughest things about going Vegan was having a place I could trot off to for something stupid like a hamburger. A place I don't have to feel empowered and enlightened just because I wanted to go out to dinner. Not all of us want to feel a smug self righteousness all the time while we eat raw beets with a side of dirt. Sometimes a Vegan just wants a hamburger. Is that asking to much?! Not anymore. Thank you Green don't listen to the nay sayers. There stupid anyway. PS my meat lovin man asks to go here. So yep it's good to really good. Get the hamburger and thank me later.
Great vegan place, been vegan since beginning of the 2013, and I have eaten at vegan places in Philly, NY, CA prior to becoming full vegan and Green New American Vegetarian is a great place in Phoenix! Great food. My wife and I enjoyed the wings both times we visited this establishment, we highly recommend (make sure they give you their vegan ranch!). First time we were there we also tried a Po Boy and it was good. Second trip there, we had the Jerk Tofu Salad which let me tell you was some damn good tofu salad!!! We also tried the Mac n Cheese and it was good in the sense if they did use nutritional yeast it wasn't overpowering, tasted like real mac n cheese but lighter. We were hungry so we also ordered the samosas which were good, I thought the sauce needed more heat but that is just because I like spicy food. Next time we are in Phoenix we will definitely stopping in again!
Some familial vegetarians introduced me to this gem (I've no dietary preferences). Short and sweet...it's extraordinary! Vegan buffalo wings?!? My military man/carnivorous husband says (guardedly) that these are the best wings he's ever had! And I agree... Not to mention the "Big WAC", Diablo Red Bowl, or Original "G " Spicy Po-Boy (Buffalo mock chicken). My soul mourns the fact that Green is far from my house and not open on Sundays. Those buffalo wings...seriously...they will blow your mind. I want them now!
One of my favorite places for vegan comfort food! Love the new menu and creative specials.
Took my daughter today and it was a great experience. We got two Big Wacs and the Green Hummus. DELICIOUS! Super friendly staff. Wee took a short stroll next door and got TSoyNami YUM! Will definitely back very soon. I'm a big carnivore and this place is now a goto destination.
Great food! Had the Bid Wac! Deliciuos! You would not know this thing is Vegan. Fries were good. Also had the cole slaw which was tasty. Afterwards we went next door to their dessert place (Nami). Vegan ice cream! Yum! If you crave that hamburger you might be missing, this place, the Big Wac, will help satisfy it. Cant't wait to go back and try other dishes.
I had a wonderfully lazy day-drinking lunch on the patio here last Sunday. Just thinking about it has me licking my fingers and smacking my lips in memory of juicy figs and triple cream brie bruschetta... nom nom nom nom... why can't every day be Sunday afternoon??? Timo's menu is a fantastic blend of shared dishes, flatbreads, and sandwiches, with brunch offerings on Sat/Sun. I can't wait to return and try the lamb chops, mussels ceviche, and foie gras with fig jam. Their wine and beer list? Don't get me started. It is fab-yoo-luss. Fans of the former Bomberos will be pleased to see the interior is even snazzier with rich chocolate brown chairs and white leather banquettes- and a wood burning oven! The dog-friendly patio is mostly unchanged and just about perfect. Intimate and casual-cool, Timo is an ideal spot for a date, catching up with friends, or enjoying an ale outside with the ol' laptop (they have wi-fi!). Notice 'a great place to bring children' didn't make the list. Just saying:)
We just got home from a great evening on the patio at Timo Wine Bar. Totally enjoyable, nearly magical, atmostphere....large canopied mesquite trees, comfortable seating, and a big fire pit to center it all. We breezed through the indoors just to check it out and it was very classy and well designed; the embossed leather wallpaper is gorgeous! From the time we approached the hostess stand until the time we ran out the door through a surprising burst of rain, the service was friendly, prompt, and stellar. Even the slices of bread served with our goat cheese were replenished as they started to get low...a rare bit of service that helped to take it over the top! We shared a plate of 3 bruschetta (tomato and creamy brie, salmon with creme fraiche and preserved lemon, and a pesto/basil/tomoato concoction) and also the creamy goat cheese and olives. The breads are all baked on-site in a wood oven...very delicious all the way around! We had some pinot grigio and chardonnay...both top drawer! our friend introduced us to the most amazing Spanish beer...Estrella Damm Inedit. I swear I will go back here just for this beer....absolutely the best beer I've ever tasted in my life! (And I've been around the block and to numerous breweries to boot!) If you come by this great new joint in town, definitely put the Estrella Damm on your list....and get the large bottle...$14 but it will fill your glass nearly three times! They even serve the bottle in a chiller to keep it perfectly chilled. Five stars for Timo! We Shall Return!
I am beyond excited about this new discovery! I discovered this place last week and plan to go for the 3rd time already tomorrow. I am excited to be a regular here at this locally owned business. They are the definition of a 5 star spot! They go above and beyond with all that they do. The wine selection is good and very diverse. They even offer my FAVORITE red wine, Apothic, which I've never seen in a wine bar before. They also have fabulous, made in-house red and white sangria's. The spinach artichoke dip is the best I've ever had! And believe me when I say I've had my fair share of spinach artichoke dips. The atmosphere is exactly what I look for in a wine bar. I cannot wait until the weather cools down so I can spend more time on the amazing patio. I've only peeked but I can tell I will be in love in a few months from now. The service here is just as impressive! The bartender, Amy is so cute and such a sweetheart! She it also meticulous when she shines all of those glasses. Looks like a lot of work but she handles it with ease. This place is at the top of my list. I better be careful or I will be a wino in no time!!
I live in central Phoenix and had been hearing great things about Timo and decided to try it after a 5 1/2 hr drive back from San Diego last month. I was so impressed with the service, food selection and atmosphere I returned last week for happy hour and brought a friend. She is now a fan of Timo's too. Both times I sat at the bar and Amy the bartender was great with her suggestions of both food and wine and her service was outstanding. The pesto pizza was fabulous (but it's only available on Friday's). I love the decor of the restaurant very hip and sleek, music selection is great and not too loud like some places. I am anxious for the weather to cool down as they have an amazing patio with trees and candles. This is absolutely one of my favorite go to places. Try it, you won't be disappointed.
Update:After careful consideration, Timo's has reached out to me to indicate that they have removed their Foie Gras item. I feel that this is a responsible decision based on their part and this reflects their standards as a business. Therefore, I am removing my past rating and replacing them with what I truly feel that they deserve. I will revisit and am more than positive that I will have a stellar dining experience. Thank you, Timo's.
right off the bike trail. Great for after noon lunch and wine. I had a chicken sandwich, it was delicious! Great ambiance, good service.
Great outdoor patio setting and our waitress Michelle had great food and wine suggestions. Highly recommend this place.
The most amazing Brussels sprouts salad I've ever had tonight. Delicious mustard dressing and sweet dried fruits and nuts, I'll be back to try more. Thank you!
Excellent Food! I followed Yelp reviews here and I was not disappointed. I just discovered Fu Fu this week and I've been there twice already. The first time I came for lunch on a break from school I had the Yassa Chicken - chicken cooked in a mustard and peanut butter sauce with onions, peppers and green olives. When the plate arrives the color of the sauce looks questionable but the first bite puts me totally at ease. The chicken was tender and delicious but the sauce was like nothing I ever had, so unique. The service was great, a beautiful African women and she was such a sweetheart. I came back a second time and brought my cousin with me, I could tell she wasn't stoked about trying African food. I desperately wanted to try some of the items on the drink menu, I got a island fruity and my cuz got a mudslide. My drink came out first in a huge fish bowl glass, it was just as good as I hoped it would be, full of liquor and fruitiness. The server explained that the mudslide would take a while because the ice cream was rock hard - it did take a while, maybe 15 minutes? My cousin started getting antsy and I felt bad because she was my guest. Soon enough the drink comes out and it's a hit, she loves it and all is good. The food also takes a while to come out both times I've eaten there but it's okay because I can tell that it's been cooked just for me. Even though I wanted to try everything on the menu, I went back for the Yassa chicken and it may have been better the second time around, I can't tell. My cousin got the jerk steak and couldn't stop saying how good it was the entire time she was eating. When the meal was over, I asked her what she would rate her experience and she said 5 stars. I reminded her that she had to wait so long for her drink and she thought about it and said it was worth the wait. So five stars from both of us.
This restaurant was a pleasant surprise, I ordered the cassava with rice and a side of fufu and plantains. Everything was excellent!! My only hope for this restaurant is that their service improves. We didn't have anyone greet us upon entering for atleast a few minutes and even then it took too long for them to take our order..but I really wanted to try their food and these are not quick fast food dishes so you can appreciate the hand that makes the food. This place is a must try for everyone!
Yassa chicken. Chicken with onions and peppers. Sounds pretty pedestrian. But the execution is sublime. I even tried to duplicate it by googling a recipe and tryin my hand at preparing this African dish in my kitchen. Good...but not great. The mark of a good restaurant for me is one where the food draws you in, not the brick and mortar. Verily, this shop's ambiance is limited, but the cuisine is top rate. And, you walk out really rooting for its success so that you can get back every few months o have some more of that Yassa.
These guys were awesome. We were moving out and needed the two bathrooms and kitchen well cleaned. Jessica and her husband came in for 3 how and not only cleaned them, but all the tile areas in the house and vacuumed everything. Well worth it. Inexpensive and a job well done. Im Deffinately having them over to the new place to give it a clean now and then! :)
Amazing business and staff! They designed and wrapped my son's DOC band free of charge. Super friendly and welcoming. I would recommend them based solely on their friendly customer service.
I think I have a new favorite coffee shop. Black Cat serves one of the best lattes I've ever had. The peaberry french press was perfectly roasted and perfectly timed. Great cookies, awesome biscotti. Modern, relaxing, comfortable decor. Super friendly service. Love it!
Everyone should try it at least once, odds are you'll be back again and again! The coffee is strong and the decor is industrial chic, the service is always fantastic! I honestly have nothing bad to say that's why I drive all of the way from Chandler, my husband teases me about how many coffee houses I pass on the way but I'll always be back for more black cat!
Located in an industrial park off the 101 and I-17, this place is a perfect spot to grab some lunch. My family stopped in shortly before dinner. We were greeted immediately by a happy man who was just as cute as a button and very helpful. I was impressed with the expansive menu, but nonetheless, went with my standard gyro and Greek salad. Husband had the Italian gyro and son had the standard gyro as well. I was happy with my selection. The meat is sliced very thin and piled high and the bread to tzatziki to meat proportions were perfect in my opinion. My salad was great, and I found myself stealing crispy fries from my son's plate as well. My 10 year old son did not finish his gyro, but wrapped it up to take home for later. This is rare for him, so he obviously enjoyed it as much as we did. I will make it back in soon to try the other items on the menu!
Best deli sandwich I have had in a long time. You will not be disappointed
Great little shop. Its good to know that some people still believe in quality over quantity. Rob takes his time making sure that whatever work he does to your car comes out looking great. I had HID bulbs and an underbody neon kit installed oin my car and it looks amazing. This shop is worth the drive
It's part of Crescent Ballroom (beautiful new local music venue operated by AZ concert promoter Stateside Presents), but is such hot biz that it deserves its own listing. From www.crescentphx.com: Chris Bianco of Pizzeria Bianco and fellow local chef, Doug Robson of Gallo Blanco, are overseeing the food at the Crescent Ballroom. The menu at Cocina 10, as the restaurant component of the Crescent will be known, consists of what Bianco calls "Mexican-accented road food." Cocina is Spanish for kitchen; 10 is a reference to the I-10. ---------------------------- The burritos: my favorite in the area. Extract the music venue from the scenario and I'd still eat here. The lounge is open daily at 4 p.m. Take a visiting guest here and look like a genius.
Didn't know what to expect here, as my hubby and I love indian food and so are very picky - they didn't let us down. Everything was delicious and the portions were great and the service was fast and friendly. We will definitely be regulars. :-)
2 Gyros for $5. Free soup, free bread!! I love this place. The meal portions are so generous!! The workers are so nice. Downside in a not so nice area and it has no air conditioner
I have been to about 5 different places for shellac manicures. Like many, when I see a "deal" for one, I grab it. I don't get regular manicures often because they don't last and shellac is suppose to last about 2 weeks. With that said, I had yet to find a place that actually gave you a manicure in addition to painting your nails with the shellac polish and that lasted the promised 2 weeks. They all call it a manicure but the result is never actually that. Gaylee however, actually gave me a manicure (cut my cuticles, buffed and filed my nails, massage, etc.) AND it lasted ...what's going on 3 1/2 weeks. Now, I know that sounds ridiculous but I refuse to take it off because the polish is still perfect (other than the nail growth that is getting quite obvious). On all other occasions, the polish started to chip in under a week, but not this time! I highly recommend Gaylee!! She's very friendly as well! The only partial complaint I have is that she is somewhat hard to get an appointment with but clearly it's because she's that good!
16 flavors & So many toppings to choose from and they have pomegranate seeds! Indoor and outdoor seating options. My new favorite yogurt shop.
Had a superb facial this afternoon. The products used are perfect for anyone concerned about what is put on their skin. No perfumes or harsh, toxic chemicals. Amber creates a soothing environment, where you can truly relax. She also understands that conversation should only be sporadic which allows you to let the world fall away. If you are looking for a dedicated aesthetist who is truly passionate about what she does, in a friendly, welcoming, intimate environment, this is the place for you ? Don't miss it!
Let the Phoenix Food Truck Revolution begin! Leading the pack in my opinion are the smiling folks in the Pizza People Food Truck..."Pie on the fly!" How awesome is that? From the homemade dough (YES...homemade or shall I say truckmade?...) to the passionate owners to the local, fresh ingredients to the gluten free and vegan options...this food truck is on a roll baby! The thin, crispy yet pillowy dough and the tangy marinara with the local fresh basil...OMG...let's just say I devoured every bite. And with prices around $6 you just can't beat it! You can't beat it...but you most certainly can eat it! I can't wait to see where Pizza People park their gorgeous truck...I just want to be first in line! I even have hired them to cater my business's holiday party! You should too! Pizza People...you are my kinda people!
I heart this place!!!! M and I had pre-Thanksgiving dinner here. Causal, hip, and nice people. The mini mac was good. My testosteroni was GOOD! Can't wait to come back. Oh, the service was great too!
Always good, good, good
After a good experience having some jeans hemmed here, I took some drapes to Narmin for hemming. Again, I was very satisfied with the quality of work, the quick turn around time, and the reasonable prices.
We stumbled upon this place by accident, and we sure are glad we did! This place never disappoints. The ambiance is unlike anything in Phoenix. It is fun to watch the cooks roll out fresh pasta and make ravioli. Fox Concepts has a great thing going on!
The pizza, dessert, wine - everything is good here ! It's fun to watch them make the dough :) and the lights make it very pretty !
Love this place! The service is great the drinks are good and the food yummy and all at a very reasonable price. The patio is great for dining and they showed tonight they can do well with a large group. The scallops were a little over seasoned but well done you must have the beet salad!!
I adore this place. Adore. I'll definitely be back. The decor was so beautiful. It felt like you were in a barn. But nicer than that. You'll have to go see what I mean. I ordered the 1/4 chicken (breast and wing) with the peach barbeque sauce, whipped potatoes with chipotle sour cream, cheese and chives, and a biscuit. (Duh, just so I could give a complete review!) The chicken was the moistest, most flavorful, most succulent chicken I've had in my whole life. The biscuit, which I lightly buttered, was warm and the perfect combination of flaky outside with soft inside. The potatoes were whipped to perfection and didn't need any salt or pepper or anything--just a fork in my mouth. I liked the barbeque sauce too. My fianc got a creamy garlic sauce and a jerk sauce. They were both ok but I'll stick with my barbeque. Did I mention how moist the chicken was? So you'll know I'm not completely biased, we also tried the cream corn, and didn't care for it. I think we were both thrown by the mint. And for the dessert (again, so I could provide you with this thoughtful review) I had the grand marnier-flavored cinnamon roll. Amazing. I don't typically like nuts in my food, but the texture and flavor of this bun was so perfect, I got over it quickly. And it's so rare to see a cinnamon bun on a restaurant dessert menu!! In short, we will be back. Delicious.
We tried OHSO for dinner tonight and could not have been happier with the food, beer, and service. For happy hour, you get $6 baby-pitchers of local brews -- good stuff. My wife (a vegetarian) had the Mediterranean Salad, sans meat, and loved it. I had one of the chicken flatbreads and it was delicious. I'd like to try almost everything on the menu. The beer list is unique and unmatched from what I've seen so far in the valley. Service was outstanding. Give it a shot. I hope this place sticks around, because we will be back often.
What a nice, chill place to eat, hang out, or just have a beer or three. I had the white chocolate and the Essie coffee beers which were great. We loved the Green Chile Pork Sliders, sweet potato fries, and the AZ Burger. We plan on going again real soon.
WOW what a wonderful experience for the neighborhood feel and grrrreat food. Met up with a friend for the first time here and it was grrrrrrrrrreat. Justin helped us out and he was absolutely STELLAR! He gave us some wicked reccomendations and the good stuff just kept on coming. We had the OHSO and Beet salad coupled with the AMAZING cheese plate! The red dragon cheese is fantastic! Justin suggested the Nitro Milk Stout and it was super good as well. Kind of like a big kids chocolate milk shake! For the first time run I felt at home like I had been going there for years. I'm going to be questing to taste all of the beers that they have to offer along with the food. I noticed that on the menu that they lacked a lot of the fried items that you'd typically find for pub grub which is AWESOME. As I'm already tacking on all the beer energy healtier options to stuff my face are always welcomed. Definately will be returning again and again!
Five stars! That's right, beer fans if you haven't seen what OSHO has to offer, you're missing out! First off their beer selection rocks. You can even brew your own beer and pick a name for it with their on-staff beer geniuses. The happy hour prices are awesome - you can get a pitcher or a pint and I think during happy hour the pitchers are only a dollar more than a pint. So that's a tough decision ha ha! Next, this place is dog friendly on the patio. So bring your pup and some friends next time. They have a dog wash station and a little dog bowl bar to keep your canine buddy hydrated. They even bake homemade dog treats from leftover grain from the beer making process. They also have beer events and smoke meats on the patio for barbecues. If any of this sounds appetizing to you, plan a happy hour with your friends at OSHO! You won't regret it. P.S. the patio gets pretty full, but I believe they take reservations, so give them a call to find out, if you plan to bring a large party.
Weekend bike ride down the canal? Yes please. Especially when the reward at the end is a great brunch and a beer, or a huge mimosa, or 5, or whatever. My friends and I love the pooch friendly backyard patio... just make sure to get there a bit earlier to grab a table because everyone else loves the patio too. Great vibe, friendly people, quality beer. Boom. And don't fall into the canal after you're done if that is your preferred route to and fro.
Try the hot pastrami, super good!!!
Posh Invitations is an excellent local company! You will get that special one on one attention from, Tami, business owner. What Bride wouldn't want this special attention for her special day? What parent wouldn't want this attention for their children's special events? You cannot go wrong with Posh Invitations!
Circle H BBQ opened up and I had to run, not walk, to try the delicious food! My wife and I both had the pulled pork sandwich with a couple of sides. It was fantastic! I enjoyed how tender and juicy the meat was in the sandwich and it was paired so well by the tangy sauce. I recommend trying the coleslaw and the baked beans! They were fresh tasting and the flavors complimented the sandwich very well. In addition to the food which is spot on and competition quality, the friendly wait staff and the open layout of the place makes you feel good. It is a place you want to go with friends to have a great meal, at a great price, in comfortable surroundings. My recommendation is to skip the typical fast food joints around, and try this good, home style, up and coming, BBQ spot.
Holy smoked meat, Batman. Fantastic experience. Lean, tender, meaty ribs in heavenly sauce. Golden Carolina BBQ sauce is tangy perfection. Brisket and ribs tender and perfectly spiced. Mac & cheese? The best. Leave room for the warm and melty bread pudding. We're going back!
Delicious, clean, great service! 3 hours later and we are still talking about how delightful this place was. We had the pulled pork and chicken sandwich - both were moist and fresh. Dinner for 2 for 20.00!
I had my hair done by Brittany. She was nice and personable and I really enjoyed her. She did an excellent job on my full highlights with two colors and a trim.This was my first time at Pure and I can't remember the last time I was actually satisfied with my hair coloring, I walked out a satisfied customer. The salon was nice and small and the staff was very friendly. The products they use are amaizing, no harsh smells, or anything bad. I used to go home from other salons and wash my hair because I hated the smell of their products, these made my hair smell amazing. They also told me that I could come back with my baby ( I had been told by Toni and Guy in Scottsdale that I shouldn't bring my baby with me because she disturbed other customers) I am looking forward to coming back with her! Also I will reccommend this to anyone pregnant or with babies because there are no chemicals. I was so happy with my experience here and really enjoyed Brittany, I look forward to going back for my hair and my nails. Side note: Make sure you find the salon by going off Central, googlemaps lied to me haha.
The best food truck around! Amazingly delicious quesadillas; mouth-watering agua frescas; and by far some of the best salsa I've ever had. It's fire roasted and when paired with their freshly made chips, it's heaven. Best part about this food truck? They're very active on social so if you give suggestions or feedback, they'll acknowledge you. They made horchata on request for me and gave me a free jar. They now know me and my coworkers by name. Great service and even better food.
EDIT ok whats the deal here, you guys all afraid of food trucks for some reason? This was some of the best quesadillas I have ever had! You guys are seriously missing out if your cutting out food trucks ... Granted I dont go hunt them down, but Im always game to try em out when the opportunity presents itself! This truck was brought in by our work. I had the "all thai'd up" along with the orange blossom luncharita. Both were phenomenal! Good big portion, a bit of spice to make you sniff, and some sweet honey to mellow it out. Definately would order again!!
So we were wondering around First Friday last night 2/7/2014, and our 8 year old decided he was starving. Tucked in behind a couple of galleries was the Luncha Libre truck. The menu looked enticing and we were not let down. I had the Steak & Bleu Quesadilla and it was absolutely delicious. My husband had Alejandro The Great and it to was yummy. Our son had a chicken and cheese that he devoured. The quesadillas all came with a side of homemade chips and salsa that were much better than most you would find in a resturant We also tried the homemade drinks of a black iced tea, a peach iced tea and a lemonade. All of the drinks were served in large Mason Jars with the lid on. Talk about a totally unique food experience. We thought the pricing was pretty fair for the portion size that we got. From the gentleman taking our order who was friendly and had a great sense of humor to the amazing chef inside. We totally loved our experience and may have to start stalking this truck.
Have been following these guys for awhile now on Twitter getting ready for our upcoming, now over :( vacation to Phoenix. Lucky for us we were in town for the Scottsdale Art Festival and their usual Friday stop on 7th Street in Phoenix at Urban Cookies. The months of anticipation DID NOT disappoint upon our arrival at the truck. Along with myself, my wife and kids were AMAZED by the flavor and overall size of these Quesadillas!! We tried Steak and Blue and their weekly special which was the Carne Asada I do believe along with the chips and the Luncharitas in both Horchata and Mango Pineapple, all which made for a GREAT GREAT lunch! There was a line of people which was great to see for the LL Crew and a good majority brought back their Lucharita mason jars as you get $1.00 off on your next drink when you trade in you old jar for a new one, a great way to keep the people coming, and boy that they were, the line 12-15 people deep! And most importantly the staff...they are great!! Which makes it even better...we can't wait to see them again on our next trip. If your ever in OH-IO let us know :) Thanks again and thanks for remembering our Anniversary!!
Was a little skeptical about this place based on the location...but looks are most definitely deceiving! When I first walked in I was greeted by one of the techs, very polite and nice. I wanted a new set and a pedicure. They sat me down right away after I got my color choice. The chairs are very comfortable, great massage for a chair. I've been in a few and this one was one of the most comfortable ones I've sat in. I had a man doing my nails, and I don't know why but I always have good luck with male manicurist. He did a wonderful job at taking my previous set off, hardly felt it at all! And my new set looks very natural he didn't make them too thick. Hopefully they last a long time, we shall see. :) My pedicure was top notch. The last pedicure I had at a previous salon was less than pleasant so was looking forward to a nice relaxing one. My toes look fabulous and they don't hurt at all! I have problem toes and feet so it's really nice when you find a good manicurist AND pedicurist...Will definitely be coming back here and will definitely recommend to all my friends. If you don't mind coming down to metro center mall and paying slightly more for quality work. Oh did I mention they all were able to hold a nice conversation too? Priceless!
I am so impressed with this place!! I went on a Saturday at 12 so given it was busy. I had a short wait for a full set. Ben did my nails I asked for stiletto style shaped nails. I came in with a picture and got exactly what I wanted. Very happy!
This place is the best ever and I wish there was one out in the North West valley. The food is amazing for the price you pay. Its 50% cheaper than any other place we order from and its just as good as Paradise Bakery, being at a dealership we have a large order and they have never made a mistake once. Heather is the best most friendly,awesome person as well everytime I call in a large order. A+++++++ to them and keep up the great work Heather! :)
I had heard a lot of good things from co-workers about Cafe Zupas, but had never been myself until yesterday. I was amazed at how friendly and patient the staff was, how quickly they prepared my meal, how much food I received for such a small price, and how delicious everything was! I will most definitely be back.
WOW. This place is exactly what I've been looking for. It's so simple, SALADS SOUPS & SANDWICHES. But what makes this place special is the options. I don't eat meat (land animals) so I was excited to see a crab meat sandwich and multiple types of lobster soup and other non meat options. This place earns it's stars from me because it's in a convenient location and it offers no meat non fried options and a reasonable price! This combination is extremely hard to find. 7.99 and I've got a complete meal, that's amazing value to me. The other thing I appreciate about this place is it's well thought out, they even have a charging station with USB inputs so you can charge your phone WHY DONT ALL PLACES HAVE THIS!?!?
Better version of Paradise Bakery. Fast service, and not too bad for calories
Awesome fresh soup, salad, and sandwich place. Everything is fresh and flavorful. My favorite is the Mushroom Bisque. And every meal comes with a chocolate covered strawberry!
Sun City house needed to replace kitchen light, install a box for it and wire in a new outlet in the pantry for a small freezer. We got a quick response to our voice mail and set up an appt. Scott called prior to arrival time and was very professional. We will definitely use TIO in the future. The job turned harder than expected because of a 1972 house. Price was very reasonable and he answered any question we had. Thx.
I have been eating here for about 2 weeks now. I have been working my way down the menu and have not had anything distasteful or visually unpleasant. The food is amazingly tasty and has great fresh ingredients. You can tell the beef isn't frozen by the taste and the staff is always smiling and really helpful with customizing your order if needed. The pastrami sandwich is just delicious. You get a lot of food for the money and I don't have a single complaint. - Suzie Q
I just moved here from Las Vegas and though Phoenix basically has everything anyone could ever want, they didn't have Rasing Canes and I ate at my location back in Vegas every week for like three months before I moved preping myself to be without it. Well go figure they open a location just three miles from my new apartment the month I move to Phoenix! I feel so warm and fuzzy inside! I love this place because the chicken is always super fresh, the fries pair perfectly with it and the big texas toast with "The Box" is just right. The caniac sause goes with everything on the plate and I usually need extra! I'm not sure why people ar bitchin so much about this place though, it's basically the In N' Out for chicken, they serve one thing and they do it well. I can never get enough of this place and I highly recomend it to anyone! They always have the best, most fun and friendly service and I just love the pellet ice, I sware it makes the drink taste so much better. Try it for yourself Phoenix, but try it with an open mind. Go inside, play along with the servers, enjoy the local flare hanging on the walls and read about the namesake dog Cane one and two. I love this place and I hope you can see why too!
Best chicken fingers I've had! Love the sauce, bread, and fries. The lemonade is really good too. I think this place is way better than chick film a! Plus it's open late if you get those late night cravings!
Almond Tree recently moved to this new boutique. It's in a very quiet shopping center. The storefront is beautiful and classy. We walked into the boutique and was immediately greeted by Louisa. I've been to several wedding boutiques now and let me tell you, Louisa is the most knowledgeable and professional sales lady I've met by far. The wedding gowns in the store are separated by sizes. They really do have a big selection of styles and designers. Louisa was by my side the entire time I was looking at dresses to explain to me how they would fit and look. She quickly caught on to my taste and was able to make more and better recommendations. I absolutely love the rectangular fitting rooms with two doors. The size of the room made it so convenient for Louisa to help me get in and out of even the "poofiest" gowns. Keep in mind Almond tree sells their dresses off the rack at a discounted price. That means if you like a dress...you shouldn't hesitate too long because it will be back on the rack for the next bride to buy. They have a seamstress in store to give estimates if your gown needs alterations. Definitely check this boutique out if you are shopping for a wedding gown.
I had an amazing experience at Almond Tree. I tried on dresses from $150 to $1500 and couldn't believe the selection. Asia was a delight to work with and helped me to find the dress I will wear on my wedding day!
I've been shopping around for a wedding dress for quite a while now, and have been to David's Bridal and other fancier independent boutique dress stores in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area. I felt that David's Bridal didn't have that "glamour" that a bride should feel when shopping for a dress, and the fancy stores were way out of my price range. Almond Tree offered David's Bridal prices with the fun atmosphere of the fancier boutique. I got to look through all the dresses in my size and try on all the ones I liked. My sales associate, Sue was such a big help! She was so kind, I immediately felt at ease with her. I didn't feel rushed or pressured to buy anything. I found my dream dress for the perfect price! I would definitely recommend Almond Tree!
wow this place was amazing, from the moment I walked in the door i instantly felt like a bride. I did not end up buying my dress from here but their dresses are stunning and super well priced! This is a must go for wedding shopping, it was the perfect place to begin dress shopping!!
A whole month later and I am still LOVING this place. It is my new top Phoenix Gyro spot. I have seen it packed the past few times I have been in. I have also gotten a few friends and coworkers addicted. LOVE. Seriously, if you love gyros, try this place. It's a hole in the all but seriously, AMAZING! Their $6.99 meal deal cannot be beat! (I'm having cravings as I write...) Long live authentic gyros! :-)
I have been looking for a barber for some time now. The super cuts of the world were so impersonal and inconsistent. Finally found this place on Yelp. Couldn't be happier. Matt seemed genuinely interested in keeping a conversation going as he worked on my hair. Will definitely be back. Loved the hot towel on the neck and the machine massage at the end. Great experience... There was a little bit of a wait, but lots of guy reading material (I picked up a Michael Jordan Newsweek special). The free popcorn was a nice touch while I waited.
Five Star revitalization amazing experience of energy and relaxation. Life changing! I highly recommend Yogini's Thank you again Sharon and Kim! I feel like a new person. Jes Edwin
I had to drag my husband out of here kicking and screaming. Its a really cool place with tons to explore. I found it interesting as well. Military stuff Camping gear Old signs Old school Playboy collection Vintage tools Records Etc, etc, etc.... Ladies -- Its in a really cool shopping plaza with about 6-7 other thrift store/boutiques. You'll both be happy!
Great service, prompt quick and really great food.
This is my favorite Chipotle in Phoenix. I really like the converted historic building that it's housed in, and the food is consistently yummy. Also, it's rarely as busy as other Chipotle stores in Phoenix or Scottsdale. There is usually plenty of parking, plus a nice patio that is good for people-watching.
Hollye did an absolute smashing job captured our wedding over a year ago. I know, I know - it's a big day, and expectations are sky high. But with Hollye, we had the ultimate confidence she would snap each and every stolen moment and then some. Not only do we look like shining stars in all our pics, but our guests do too. She even gently coached my husband on how to kiss for the pics (less pursing of the lips, perhaps?), which led to lots of laughs and great candids. We couldn't have been more comfortable with her and her discreet team. Our images are seriously sharp, creative, and magazine-worthy thanks to Hollye. Only challenge is narrowing down the hundreds of drop dead gorgeous images to build our dream album! Thank goodness she's there to hold our hand through that, too. :)
I saw this advertised through groupon and figured I would give it a try. That in itself was a break through. Group classes are out of my comfort zone. I have no coordination, can't do two things at once, I'm shy, and have no tolerance for the Snobby people who typically hang out in group classes with their cliques. In any case, I did purchase and signed up for first class online (the online system is very simple to use, classes are listed by week, your attendance is logged). I arrived for my first class which was a 5:45 class, i was nervous but excited. My first run in was with a snobby lady (a client) and I almost turned right around there. I decided against and went in - Dawn Hardas, the owner of this location was at the front desk and she was very welcoming. I filled out the paperwork, took a tour with Dawn and then waited for class to start. The next hour flew by - we did small movements of contracting / releasing muscles - in forms of yoga, pilates, barre, and orthopedic moves. This isn't a cardio workout, but I certainly had my heart rate up at times. My body was also shaking and thought possibly I might die a few times. Dawn was very upbeat - kept the class moving and was engaged to ensure you were in the correct position. I had purchased a 3 class package through groupon and once I had completed those classes I signed up for the new client unlimited month of $100 - which is an amazing deal since a regular class is $20. I went 8 times during my unlimited month - wish I could have taken advantage of more, but with the holidays I was lucky to get that many done. I have a bad lower back and need to keep my core muscles in shape - I wasn't doing my physical therapy excercises at home and have found that this method is great. I have gone a total of 11 times over the past month and half and even with that inconsistency I have seen a major improvement in my strength, flexibility, and posture. I have taken classes with almost all the instructors at this location and all of them are great. All upbeat, all helpful, they push you, but not in an obnoxious way. You paid for the classes, so they ensure you get what you paid for. They know somedays you are stronger than other days and you can work at different levels within each pose. what is also great is that you are so focused on the excercises, the position of your body, etc that your mind is clear for an hour. I don't think about work, chores, or anything during this time. I feel refreshed and amazing at the end of each class. The studio is clean, bright, and new. Just purchased another package and looking forward (yes looking forward) to my class tonight! So give it a try - and come say hi to me - i won't be snobby! ;)
Nichelle is very helpful! My family and I were moving here from SD and arriving late and she was kind enough to meet us after their closing hours for us to sign the lease! Great management so far and plenty of parking!!
This is a great bar. Drinks are well made, the bartenders are friendly and the atmosphere is great. Perfect Neighborhood bar to have one last drink before calling it a night.
You know what I love about this bar? No bull shit from the bartenders. They see a face in their domain, they immediately appear and take your order. Even when the place is packed. I like it. Ok, and the fact that beer is five bucks doesn't hurt. This is a good place to start, spend and end an evening. I've now had the pleasure of doing all of above on different nights of the week. As a side note. the owners are great about lining up cabs when the place closes down. There wasn't a need to wait a long time for any of us (ahem) who needed them to get a ride home.
A visit to The Little Woody has been on my list for way too long and this past weekend, I finally got to visit! This little bar is filled with character and enchantment. Hidden in broad daylight right off of Indian School and 44th street, the only thing that shows you it's there is the owl (their logo) light in the window. You'll be greeted by an old gentleman who will let you into the parking lot and then you enter through a door into a windowless bar. Sounds shady right? Well, it's just shady enough to make it a little exclusive! You certainly wouldn't drive by it and decide to stop by. You have to know about it. This bar is trendy divey at its finest. Logs wallpaper the walls, and the lighting is dim. There's plenty of seating either at high top tables or booths. The bar has plenty of seating as well. But the best part is the back room. The back room is filled with fun games! Games that include skeeball, shuffle board and darts! If only they had air hockey and big buck hunt. It provides a fun atmosphere and one that's chill. This bar is well put together and well kept, but still holds on to the divey feel...without beer stained floors! PS - they also own The Westerner that just opened in Old Town.
Excellent fresh pasta dishes
My husband and I were visiting AZ with family and needed a place walking distance from our hotel in an unassuming mall. We wandered over near a Trader Joe's and stumbled into Bianco's pizzeria...with no idea about the reputation (until I spotted someone taking a photo with the chef, Chris Bianco). We must say that eating at Bianco's we had one of those rare meals of pure artistry that lingers in the memory. I for one, can still taste the pure flour and water paperthin crust (for those of you who have a thing for NYC handmade matza, you get the idea)..The tomato sauce on the margherita pizza was perfect, perfect, perfect pure tomato sweetness with no sugary additions. As for the biancoverde white pizza ...the tang of the goat cheese, the subtle earthiness of the olive oil, the intense mineral green of the arugula...WOW! He has truly aimed for and hit that rare culinary sweet spot, where each ingredient can be identified for its individual quality, yet harmonizes in a complex wholeness. Pizza perfection! Definitely a 10! Mr Bianco grows his own organic tomatoes, which are hand picked and steam peeled, He selects and mills his own wheat, and pulls his own mozzarella. He also is a wonderful down to earth Bronx boy who appears to love entertaining and educating his customers and staff. Do not miss eating here! HANDS DOWN the best pizza I have ever had in my life-(including NYC where I've eaten some of the best in the past decades...)
Took my significant other for a date night on his birthday and all the credit got back to me! And to Tyler Florence a bit! We LOVED it! We had the Spiedini for app, and then the pizza.. Oh the pizza! Crust - amazing, the crunch of the pistachios - also amazing, perfectly bake for a satisfying bite! Great selection of wines and also decent array of beers on tap. Ended it with a piece of chocolate cake and the night was just made more perfect...
Very charming , very clean and phenomenal food. We are vegan and totally impressed only wish we lived closer so we could go more often. Another in our party had the turkey sandwich and loved it. Coffee ..wonderful! Please come to Queen Creek, Gilbert or Chandler we need you :) thanks
Super friendly, fast service. Cute cafe with lots of art and natural light. I got the tomato basil and brie frittata with potatoes and sourdough toast, a side of bacon, and a coffee all for $20 after tip. The frittata was larger than I expected with plenty of tomatoes and brie. The potatoes are seasoned red which made me a little apprehensive since I can not handle spicy food at all, but they were very flavourful and went down easy. The toast was delicious with a nice creamy butter. The bacon (an extra at $2 for three pieces) was great and totally worth the price. Very good coffee with unlimited top ups at $2.49. You can also get your food to-go but if you're not in a hurry, stick around for the service. Definitely recommend this local eatery. I'll be back to try the french toast!
Wy-Knot Cafe has got my heart and admiration almost as much as my mom. The two ladies (the main chef and preparer of the amazing dishes at Wy-Knot and my mother) are culinary artists at work. One covering the south Arizona territory, one spans the North end. My mom makes 5-star dishes out of Bon Appetite, that would even put the recipe writing cooks from their magazine to shame! Needless to say, this place is what I would consider Phoenix's best little secrets and only 10 miles from the airport! Breakfast or Lunch ( I had a little of both...) there is no way you could go wrong dining a la Cafe Wy-not! Just ask Mr. Basils!
So glad I tried this place! The delivery arrived about 10 minutes ahead of time, and the guy who helped us was very friendly. I had the bean curd family style and some egg rolls (they threw in 2 extra for free). The tofu was nice, and flavorful, and the vegetables were all fresh. Everything was cooked perfectly. My boyfriend got the sweet and sour pork, it looked awesome. I don't eat Chinese food anywhere but buffets and takeout places, but King Wong is a noticeable step above that. And the sauce that comes with the egg rolls is delicious!
Cheap but delicious great service we actually left our iPhone in the restraunt and the server ran out to the car and returned it. Huge portions too! And supper fast
As someone who loves sushi rice, but not the raw fish that usually accompanies it, this place is perfect. When we came in, the manager described it as the Chipotle of sushi, and with the affordable prices of PeiWei. While I thought it was kind of strange to describe this place in terms of nearby restaurants, it really is an accurate description. The rolls are a decent size and quite filling. I'm a big guy but two rolls filled me up easily. I got a brown rice, mango, cucumber, and asparagus roll, and a white rice, avocado, spinach, and tofu skin roll. Both were delicious and only $4 each for 10 pieces. This place is my new favorite place in all of Phoenix. Can't wait to go back.
I work right around the corner in Downtown and surprisingly there arent a lot of sushi options here. I love stopping at HDYR after a late night or for a light lunch. While the parking is a bit tough there, the service is always fast. Ive never had to wait long in line. While it is a like a subway for sushi the fish taste good, the portions are generous, and the price is right. I probably eat here every other week. I like to make a custom roll with eel, avocado, cream cheese, green onion, and jalapeno. I think its like .50 for the extra veggies. Its a good lunch or dinner for under $10. While its not comparable to your typical sushi restaurant, it is REALLY GOOD.
A fantastic idea!! I'd describe How Do You Roll? as the Subway of Sushi - but good! You are able to select each and every attribute of your sushi roll and they make it right in front of you as you like. Yesterday I created my own version of a traditional Spicy Tuna roll and it was phenomenal! I had a Seaweed Salad on the side and was stuffed on just these two. Since this was my first time I was impressed that the staff was so patient with me, especially with the epic line forming behind me. This is definitely a lunch hotspot! If you're a sushi fan, I'd say this place is DEFINITELY worth a try!
I've known Lorel Stevens, one of the trainers for more than 20 years. She's a former Amateur Body Builder truly. Disciplined in the art of transformation. As a licensed massage therapist and personal trainer she knows how the muscles work and how to get healthy safely. Men or women, you'll love this place.
Such a great place to get some authentic food! I love it, I go for lunch multiple times a week and get the chicken yakisoba. It's amazing. They have really good sushi too. Definitely one of my favorite places to eat.
What a shocker walking into this place in downtown Phoenix! It has a really cool setup with a market on one side, table service, take-out, or full service at the bar. The interior is huge and very modern. I ordered a chicken salad, which came out super fast, and it was excellent. It was super fresh & tasty. If I'm downtown I'm definitely going back to this place.
Waitstaff was super friendly. Food was great "diner" style, no surprises. Pancakes were just great, coffee was hot and plentiful. Food arrived fast - and my waitress even offered to HEAT UP MY SYRUP!!! Place was extremely clean - I really liked this place. I ordered the chocolate chip pancakes and they were fantastic. Waitress was very tentative to our needs. I'll be back, for sure.
So I guess I have nothing to compare my experience to, but thanks to a Groupon I got to take a peek at Circle 6 Studios for an introduction to glass blowing workshop. What a cool, random, spontaneous thing to learn! I would recommend this experience to anyone! It is a little scary to be near a ball of melted glass that is burning hot! But the instructors are very nice and thorough in their explanations, so you will know what to do. They also keep a close watch over everyone to avoid accidents. My intro class made a glass flower. The whole process of making the flower probably took under 2 minutes, but learning the techniques and getting everyone in the class to do it took about 2 hours. Classes are usually $50 but $25 on Groupon and Living Social right now. I would recommend closed toed shoes. The studio is hot from all the glass heating so no need for a jacket! The studio is behind a house, there is a sign on the side of the road. Pull into the driveway and park in the back, you'll see it! This was a cool thing to learn how to do!
I signed up for one of the glass blowing classes and it was great. The studio is behind a private home, but it's quite large. I went in early February and I was expecting it to be very hot inside, but it was very comfortable. Not sure if this will be the case in the Summer time in Phoenix, but I would guess John & Justin would have the AC on at that time otherwise they would pass out from the heat from the kiln. The class itself was great. John & Justin make the class not only educational, but fun as well. Most importantly, they make the class safe. They keep an eye out on what you're doing so you do not hurt yourself and/or get burnt.
Truly an amazing store. Although the dog food (and cat food) is premium, its not expensive when you break it down per meal for your animal. And they are always cheaper (or atleast competitive) when you compare the brands they carry to the other pet food stores. Ive been coming here since they opened and I cant say enough good things about the people and they products they offer. They have even called me back on a couple of occasions to see how Zeke liked the new chews or food I bought. You dont see service like this anymore and its clear that they are driven by their passion for pets. They clearly care about Zeke as much as I do!
Sure I went to an espresso bar and got a brewed cup but hey, drip, drip, drip. It was a nice relaxing cup from a nice guy at the counter. My wife and I we working on the computers and enjoying the music and coffee. She even decided to add it to one of her 1000 smiles. http://deborahapeters.com/category/blog/1000-ways-to-smile/
I like this place! When I was growing up, my Mother and Grandmother, were determined to put weight on me with their hamburgers. There'd usually be a 1/2 pound of meat covered with the freshest condiments you might ask for. Having come from a dairy ranch where they got the freshest beef you could ask for, any beef they bought had to be up to their standards. I ate well when we had hamburgers. My mushroom with swiss burger was the first I have had in a long time that brought back those child hood memories. The Burger itself is really to big for two hands to hold and I have large hands. So the bottom bun got soggy. The beef was fresh enough for it to get that way as you bite into the beef and tastes good in the process! My friend had a burger with bacon on it. They have eight kinds of bacon to choose from. She had sugar cured and it was thick cut and yummy. I am going to go out on a limb and say I think the Oink has the best burgers in Phoenix!
If you get the chance to try the pie at Mama Toledo's pie truck you must give it a taste. I have to confess I have tried way toooo many flavors. The great news is you can never go wrong! Her seasonal flavors of Apple Chili and Pumpkin are so delicious. The pumpkin pie took the boring out of pumpkin pie and made it a real showstopper. My personal favorite is the cherry pie --so fresh and a bit tart but not too much. At the next street fair, art market or farmers market look for the bright red truck and be sure to save room for pie!
This is the other reason why I would go back to Food Truck Friday (see review for torched goodness). I have gone here two times and LOVE IT. I always take two home for my father in-law and he agrees. I like to get the peanut butter one and the cheese cake one was delicious too. This should be your second stop at Food Truck Friday, if not they will be sold out.
I woke up this morning craving a breakfast burrito. Fortunately just 3 days ago, a menu was left on our door for Cisco's Grill (with some great marketing I might add). Conveniently located right up the street from my house, I've been curious about this place since they opened! I strapped on my shoes and walked on over... upon entering I was greeted cordially and placed my order for a chorizo and egg burrito with cheese... The cook went to work and 5 minutes later I was holding a fresh hot burrito and a complimentary pineapple water! Cisco came out and introduced himself while I was waiting and chatted with me for a few minutes. Its clear to me that he's very passionate about his restaurant! The service is top notch! The menu itself is fairly generic, typical burger and fries, tacos and burritos, but everything is so fresh and prepared well! I'd recommend this joint to anyone looking for a quick, inexpensive bite to eat!
After my debacle with a certain glass company, this company stepped up to the plate and ordered me a used window. They also fixed a few other issues I was having, including an exhaust leak and a window that was worn out and would no longer roll up and down. They are really great and also fixed another issue we had with a second vehicle (free!). Roger is awesome.
I was going to write a review but I don't remember what happened. All I know is it was awesome and there were a ton of great craft brews.
Nothing wrong with this Subway. Fresh and fast! I've been here 20 times since they've opened. My favorite Subway.
So glad this place is in the neighborhood! The sandwiches are generously sized and stuffed with freshly prepared ingredients - I watched everything go on the grill from my seat. The southwestern influence melds really nicely with the classic grilled steak and cheese. Kind of like a good steak torta from your favorite fast food joint, but with higher quality cuts (and vegetables, and bread, and sauce...). House made sauces and chewy, warm buns seal the deal - plus the fact that $10 gets you stuffed with a sandwich, a drink and fries or onion rings.
Service was outstanding! I am so happy I finally found my groomers after a year of bad experiences. My two Yorkies look fantastic. The two ladies who helped me were so kind, friendly, and caring - just met me and my dogs and they made me feel as if I've been coming here for years. So kind, thoughtful and accommodating and my dogs just look feel and smell great!
Tonight, for the first time, after being distracted by her mildly competent competitors the last two times I was there, I made sure to stop first at Buzznbeez and get the catfish po' boy with slaw on the side. The catfish was absolutely gorgeous, both crunchy and creamy, and the sauce was sublime. I am seriously in love with this sandwich, and I may very well be in love also with the exotic beauty who made it. Seriously, if you go to Food Truck Mania at the Phoenix Farmer's Market or if you encounter Buzznbeez about town and you don't at least try the po' boy, you're a fool.
They are closed and no longer there. Too bad as it was very good. The cat fish was the best! Great food for a great price.
Decided to try this Starbucks as it has a Clover machine. Had a Komodo Dragon and it was very flavorful. Everything about this Starbucks is up to the usual high standards. Not the most parking-friendly location, but there is ample parking if you are willing to walk 50 meters or so. Nice friendly baristas. Lots of sitting space.
Fresh hamburger. Not frozen. Fries made fresh too. Kind of like in-n-out. Nice place.
Had a layover here the morning of Christmas Eve. I was the first person into the club that morning and had a nice relaxing time waiting for my flight. The desk attendants were very friendly and helpful. The club was clean and well maintained and the food provided was high quality.
PING endures. In a super-saturated golf-equipment market, Ping were first pioneers, and retain huge market share today. Ping forges bladed clubs and perimeter-weighted clubs and everything else a significant market-segment needs. Their manufacturing work and imaginative design work have always been second to none. They seem to understand the value of simplicity like no other competitor. Ping can and does introduce you to the game like no one else, and then can stay with your game even if it goes so far as to get on television! To the great Karsten, I say: Bravo!
Excellent food, and great service. The portions were large and very tasty. We had the 3 hummus and chicken, and spanakopita which were both excellent and the Mediterranean plate was huge and great. Kind of an American-Southwestern-Middle Eastern fusion kind of place and vegetarian friendly. My new favorite restaurant for when I visit Phoenix.
Great staff and environment. I'm never disappointed here! Everything I've tried here has been tasty and for great prices too! The Mediterranean chicken wrap is my go-to! I just had the salmon salad and it was excellent! Their happy hours are great too!!
Made appointment very quickly. Bob was extremely professional and courteous. Installed two 4x8 over head storage racks. Very good install. Even vacuumed the entire garage after he was finished. Would definitely recommend.
HOW DID I NOT KNOW ABOUT THIS GUY BEFORE. A couple of my coworkers invited me to walk down the block to check out a food truck that had arranged to be in the neighborhood today and let's say I am glad I went. Q-UP does everything homemade and it is all amazing. The owner was extremely polite and friendly; and I ordered the BBQ Nachos and a side of the Macaroni. The macaroni had homemade cheese and was full of big chunks of smoked bacon. The owner suggested putting some of their BBQ sauce on it too, which was definitely good advice. This was the best mac and cheese I have ever had. Then came the nachos, handmade chips with pulled pork, nacho cheese, tomatoes, green onions, and topped with their homemade sauce. I've never had a plate of nachos more heavenly. I don't know if BBQ sauce makes everything better or if it's just this guy's. He does tacos too, but I wasn't able to try them today...next time. My buddies and I ordered some of the smoked sausage though as an aftertought with their mustard BBQ sauce, and he gave us a sample of the brisket to try as well. I am elated with the quality, I've never been big on street food before, but I am a believer now. The best part? It's priced right. The mac and nachos together cost me ten bucks even, and the nachos were a nice big portion. He takes plastic also, so don't sweat the cash thing. For a food truck in the days of $5+ hot dogs, a ten spot goes a long way at Q-Up, I was impressed. If this guy is in your neighborhood, make the trip. I was told he announces where he'll be on Twitter so you can stalk him, I mean, follow him. Great stuff!
Best Mexican food anywhere in Phoenix...period!
4.5 stars? That's ridiculous. This place deserves 5 solid stars. Period. Don't argue with me. A friend of mine introduced me to this place about 3 or 4 months ago and I have since gone back an embarrassingly amount of times. Actually, fuck that. I'm not embarrassed, it's tasty as HAIL. Hands down, the best street tacos in AZ. Not even joking. Every single person I introduce to this place becomes just as obsessed as I do. I go about every other week at this point on Thursday or Sunday. I honestly do not order anything other than the $1 tacos. I have no doubt their other items are really amazing as well, but I have no desire to cram anything into my mouth other than those sweet, sweet tacos. I usually order a mix of carne asada, pollo and "vegetarian" tacos, which is just black beans. I have never once been disappointed. They do have weird hours and are located next to Charlie's, so if you go here during peak hours (i.e., when the club lets out at 2am), you'll will be faced with a very large line. Things can get a little slow when it's busy. But hey, these people are creating ART. So you shut your pie hole and wait in line. The lovely lady who runs the register is extremely sweet and is a damn pro at dealing with the drunk fashionable men and random hobos who stroll in off the street looking for a handout. But really, you haven't had a legit taco in AZ unless you've been here. America's Taco Shop? Nah. Gallo Blanco? Puh-leez. Dig the loose change out of the bottom of your purse/car cup holder and hit this place up for a taco or 5.
Thank you Norterra Team for the amazing care of Pita Kitty!
My friends took me to Khyber Halal around the 1st of March and I've eaten there once a week since my first visit. the food is fantastic. they have a ton of vegetarian dishes which I love and they have plenty of Meat dishes for the meat eaters. Treat yourself to something other than burgers and fries and go eat here!
I'm trying to remember how we heard about this cool Afghan restaurant. Do remember seeing good friend and party queen Irene V in the reviews and had to check them out. Inside is very clean and the decor is casual and fun. This is a nice family owned restaurant and you can feel that vibe right away. The kids work the front part of the restaurant and Mom does her magic in the kitchen. Started off with some Chicken and Beef Samosas and went with the famous Chicken Tikka Masala extra spicy. It was delicious and had plenty of tasty flavors bursting in my mouth. The heat level was very high and perfect for my taste buds. Nice! Came back again and ordered the Kabli Pulao (Kofta) plate. Again the portion size and the flavors were exceptional and even had some left to bring home. Really love the way she makes the rice with the raisins and carrots in the dish. Going to have to try and reproduce this bad boy at home. They have a rather large menu that can accommodate almost any diet or request. Appetizers, Snacks, Kababs, Currys, Wraps, Burgers, and Vegetarian choices if you are in the mood for a meat free meal. They also have a good variety of sweet Desserts to cap off your visit. Service is friendly and the food is delicious. Can't wait to bring the family back and maybe get me some Goat on my next visit. I'm getting hungry just thinking about it. OH YEAH! 5 STARS
Fantastic! Everyone got what they wanted, it was cheap and even my 2 year old enjoyed it.
Don't listen to the haters. If you want a 5 star restaurant then put on your fancy duds and go waste your money. If you are a normal Joe and want a filling, delicious meal for cheap then hit up Jesters. The staff is uber polite, the place is clean and the burritos are HUMONGOUS. I hope this place sticks around for awhile.
Best place to get away from people in the valley! This is a very under utilized trailhead that has tons to offer if you like variety. It is great for easy hiking, mountain bikers, and great for walking dogs. This is a great park to "wander" more than stick to a designated trail. There isn't much change in elevation, except for the butte, so there are no issues with getting lost. The most interesting part is Big Butte Loop, which is a circular path that hugs the butte. Here is where you will get the most elevation challenge where you go up and down the washes. For the more adventurous, you can scurry up the south face of Big Butte...just aim for the cave. This is not for everyone as it's not marked as a trail and will require use of your hands as well as your feet. This allows you to get to the eastern peak and the views are amazing. Your dog's four paws will put you to shame going up and over Big Butte. ((((Again, this is not a marked trail and do not attempt if uneasy with heights)))) Ascend the butte close to sunrise or sunset, if you're lucky, you will hear the Howler Monkeys from the Phoenix Zoo sounding off! My hike typically takes about an hour, start east from the parking lot, up or around Big Butte, coming back the west side of Little Butte Loop, back to the parking lot. This is not quite the challenge of Camelback, but only crossing paths with maybe 10 people is priceless! Oh, and you can also run the stairs of the amphitheater if you're looking for a great place to do leg work.
Did this hike with my 5 year old. The trail we did was completely paved and relatively flat but was.long enough to burn some energy and work up an appetite. We usually bring lunch with us to eat in the park.
Great staff !!
Phoenix is a coffee cesspool, except for Songbird. Lux, you say? Check its health inspection results. Copper Star? Food's good, but after I watched a barista put a utensil in a cup from which a customer drank and then use the same utensil to make new drinks, that place dropped off the list. Plus, it's weirdly full of bees. Seriously. Bees. JoBot? Loud high schoolers and a guy looking at "animal erotica" (I'm not kidding). The thing is, Songbird doesn't just win by process of elimination (though it could). The people who work here are universally friendly, they actually know about coffee, the space is nice, it has plenty of plugs, fast WPA2 secured wireless that always works (unlike, e.g., Lux), and decent food. Oh, and the coffee's great. Is there any place else in town doing pour-over? I just wish it had longer hours, but hey, it's Phoenix.
This is a great place for grabbing a drink and getting some work done. I'm not really a coffee drinker, but the various iced teas I've had have always been good, and the Italian chocolate soda is one of my favorite drinks. The pastries are always good, especially the "top tart" (described as "like a pop tart, but made with love").
took my case off of my iphone and of course dropped it and shattered the screen shortly after! called AZ iphone repair and they had me come right over. I brought my own screen in (they have a great selection of colors and styles of their own) and Anthony replaced it in 20 minutes!! very knowledgeable and personable. great prices as well. Every time, and i mean every time, something happens to any of my Apple products, i'm taking it there. I suggest you do the same! And to top it off, there's a wine bar next door so you can have a glass of wine while you're waiting!
Last night i shattered my screen at the club and the bartender there recommended I go check out AZ iPhone to get it fixed. When i got there i couldn't believe how many accessories and options they had! I decided to get the glow in the dark front and back and it looks amazing! Couldn't be happier thanks so much!
I tried to fix my iPhone myself but damaged it instead. I read about AZ iPhone repair and the preceeding reviews and decided to give them a try. I entered the store half expecting them to eye my collection of parts and screws and kick me out, but instead Anthony was happy to help and for a very reasonable price. He fixed my phone in around twenty minutes and it works perfectly. I will never attempt to fix my phone again, these guys are experts and professionals and I wish them every success.
SO LET ME TELL YOU HOW AWESOME THIS PLACE IS!!! AHHH sooo I'm super clumsy and I have an iPhone 5. If you know anything about Apple, if you don't have the "Apple Care Protection Plan" on your device, you're screwed... Soooo about a month ago, I visited this iPhone repair shop called "MacMedia" in Scottsdale, they charged me $150 to repair my iPhone screen but did warn me that some of the features may not work again properly (camera, speaker, etc...) so yup, when they were done, my front camera and speakers were non existent. Whatever, at least I have my phone right? Wrong.. About 3 weeks later, I had a traumatic experience when I dropped my poor phone again and the screen shattered...again. Sooo TODAY I called nextech and they offered to fix my screen/LCD for $99! What the eff, this is awesomeness! So I drive down there and my phone was fixed in 10 minutes. Literally. He sat there and fixed it at the front counter, right in front of me. Pretty epic. They also have LOTS of phone cases for super cheap for all of your Apple devices. I love it. Anyways, my total with screen repair and a phone case was $119.00....AND he fixed my front camera and speaker for no extra cost! I highly recommend this place for any type of device repair, they're super professional and quick and inexpensive! Hopefully I will only be back to purchase accessories and not another screen repair though..
Got a quote for a dead top power button on my iphone 5, went in there and was told it would take about 45mins. Went with the kid to the park and 1hr later, my phone was done. They have a warranty for 90 days, so unless something were to happen from now until then, 5 stars no problem.
Great place, I highly recommend!!! I got both my iPhone 5c and iPad 2 for right around $250. Excellent customer service and fast repairs.
OK, UUUUMMMMM Hello? I laugh when people think Sprinkles is good-yuk. I love Fairy Tale Brownies and other bakeries around town. However, then--- hello----- I died and went to heaven at Yelp Pleydate. These cupcakes are so crazy delicious! The best ones I have ever had! They do not have a store, sorry guys. They say they do catering only. I want to find their costumer list and stalk a wedding or something, like right out of Seinfeld or Friends. "Yeah sure. Of course I know the bride. We went to Kindergarten together. Now leave me alone I am eating the cupcakes." My advice to them, please open up a store and do it now! The White Russian one was the best but Shhhhhhhhh! I tried a lot of them that night and they were all fantastic!
I had the pleasure of enjoying my first cup of Shine on black Friday 2011 in front of Hissyfits. The Barista was super friendly, he immediately feel like family. My Chai was made perfectly. I wish there was a shine on every corner.
Every Thursday we get food trucks outside my office building in central Phoenix. Emerson started coming around recently and I'm so glad they did. Incredible fry bread made fresh topped with fresh and flavorful ingredients. I went for broke the first time I got lunch from them and tried the Jazzy which has grilled steak, beans, and a spring mix with pico de gallo and chipotle sauce on fry bread, a surprising combination that worked really well. The bread itself is the best I've ever had, very light and tasty. I've also had the Yolli, a more traditional beans and cheese dish which was quite good. Do yourself a favor. If you see them at a food truck gathering or special event, get there early and feed your face.
I usually go to four peaks tasting room every Sunday and check out different food trucks. This has to be my favorite of the bunch so far. The dishes are extremely good, huge portions and well priced. When they are at the tasting room they take some of the 8th street ale and make a bratwurst & fry bread combo which is really good. The cinnamon, sugar and honey fry bread is amazing and a great way to top off a meal.
I tried this salon on Saturday after having a horrible experience at Queen's Nails on Cactus which I absolutely do not recommend. They were crowded but were able to take me in less than 5 minutes. Very clean and more spa like environment than most nail salons at this price point. My spa pedicure was wonderful! They lady took her time and it was heavenly! They also had the replay of the Oscar's on which was fun. Way better than the news or sports which are usually on at Queen's. I have found my new salon. Give them a try! You won't be disappointed.
So far so good, today was my first time here. They were very polite, did a great job with my nails and got me in quickly. I definitely will be going back!
Ahhh after going to numerous different nail salons here in Phoenix I FINALLY found one I love! Vy nails is awesome, staff is great and very accommodating. I went back to fix my broken nail and she did it quick, I asked how much was it and she said nothing it was only one nail don't worry. How awesome is that! I still tipped her $5 anyways. I totally recommend this place and surely will be returning!
I loved this little gem of a place. I was welcomed warmly and the service was excellent. The mochas were good and we were offered some food samples. The Thai Tuna was yummy. I love how they've decorated the place. It's warm and homey and a nice place to hang out in. I'll definitely be back.
I am very picky when it comes to espresso. I only like very smooth, silky roasts in my soy lattes, and this place has got it down to an art. They use plain soy milk (none of that vanilla crap) so you can really taste the espresso, and they have simple syrup on the condiment bar which I have recently realized is something to be thankful for, since most places are much too lazy to throw together some hot water and sugar for their customers (ahem, black cat and press...). The woman who is always working when I stop by in the mornings is amazingly friendly considering the horrific mood I typically find myself in prior to stopping here, since it's located conveniently just a few blocks from my office and I am always running late and am very impatient! She always whips up my drinks quickly and with a genuine smile, and on the few occasions when I've had time to chat she seems knowledgeable about the coffee they serve. I've also had the iced toddy here, which was alright but nothing special, especially when compared to the espresso drinks. My iced soy latte is a little over $4 which seems to be the going rate these days (compared to my other faves, Cartel, Jobot and Echo). I can't really speak to if this is a good place to spend time on your laptop or not, as I've only gotten my drinks to go. However, every time I've been (morning and afternoon) it has been completely empty, so I assume it would be a consistently quiet spot to get work done. Definitely the best espresso in this 'hood!
If your looking for someone to install a home security system you dont need to look any further then Jim @ JPG. It was actually a great experience working with Jim and he had the answers to all my questions and he has the latest and greatest equipment out there. The installation was top notch and they did it faster then I could have imagined, then he went thru step by step on how to work the system. Jim is a former police officer and knows the in's and outs of what to look for in a security system for your home protection. Definetly give this guy and call and he will not let you down. Thanks Jim !!!!
Awesome customer service, awesome product. No upfront fees either. Jim came out on a Wednesday afternoon to discuss our options, and Raul came out to install our system the very next morning. It works perfectly, and is super easy to use. Both Jim and Raul were extremely professional and friendly. You can see from all the 5 star reviews that JPG is the most highly recommended home security company in greater Phoenix - and for good reason. Don't bother going with any other company.
JPG is one of the most intriguing and innovative security companies I have come across. I have purchased security systems for my home before from other companies and even had a high end commercial system installed in my business. After years of technological stagnation and eroding customer service I decided to switch to JPG and AZ Alarm.. what a great experience. Jim and JPG is incredibly current with smart phone apps, Internet integration and Smart Home features. The customer service is very responsive. The cost is very competitive with other systems and in my case I am even paying less! I highly recommend JPG to everyone in need of a security system!
Jim came to my house the same day of the appointment. I was very impressed by his knowledge and professionalism. He gave me excellent advises to make my home more secure. He explained the technology and equipment capabilities in a very understandable way. The equipment is very easy to manage and the technology is awesome, especially because it can be manage by smartphone no matter where you are. The monitoring service worked very well during a smoke test I did on my own. The installation process was pretty simple and straight forward. I never had a security system before and now I feel that my house is very secure when we are at home or away.
This place just opened today, and doesn't even have a phone yet. So tonight things were a bit hectic, but service was good. I got a naked burrito (similar concept to Chipotle's Burrito Bowl) and it was pretty good. I like that Qdoba has more choices for toppings than Chipotle. I think it'll take a few visits for me to fine-tune the ingredients that I order, but Qdoba definitely has promise!
We were in Phoenix last week for the 49ers games....sorry Cardinal fans. We had an amazing dinner the night before the game at the Del Frisco's Grille. We started out with the ahi tuna tacos (my favorite) and the pimento cheese fritters (my bf's favorite). For cocktails we had the Apt 5d, which was just sweet enough for my tastes and my bf had the some drink with jalapeno in it. He loved it. For dinner, it was a shrimp and chorizo flatbread and the green hatch chili burger. My bf is still raving about the burger. I think the best part of the dinner for me was dessert. I'm kind of a sweets fan.... We shared the adult milkshake and it was amazing. You MUST have this for your dessert. Overall, we had a great experience and our server David was friendly and helpful and let us take our time enjoying our night out. I look forward to coming in for brunch next time we are in town!!
I used Mark for repairs at one of my rentals and everything went very well. He dealt in an honest and very professional manner. I got his name from my favorite plumber the Pipe Doctor and am very happy with the recommendation. It's so nice to be connected with GREAT, local, small businesses!
Heavenly Mexican food that delivers to my house. Super legit. Don't feel like being funny or witty right now, this is pure information delivery so that you can eat here tomorrow.
Came for business from DC and was looking for great Mexican food. We were welcomed by the owner and his two sons. The place is unpretentious but those can be the hidden gems. This sure was!! Extremely friendly family and the food was made to order. Started with carne asada nachos and it was spectacular. Then ate chorizo con papas burrito and the chorizo was delicious!! Not greasy and very tasty. Great food, nice owner. What else can you ask for. Definitely recommend and I will come back next time I'm in Phoenix.
Dear everyone in Arcadia lite: There's an unfortunate shortage of food delivery in our neck of the woods. For all those times you're too tired to hop in the car, or sincerely just too hammered to leave the friendly confines of your living room; the food gods created Los burritos. Food: 5 stars. You can taste the authenticity in their regular salsa. Wasn't made for gringo's. Atmosphere: my living rooms awesome thank you for asking. Service: 5 stars. Got to my house in under 20. In short, these guys provide a great service to our residents. Next time you stumble home from Little Woody's hungry you'll thank me. Sincerely, Yelp User Cam
Being a New England native I can assure you that this gal gives an accurate representation of some our our beloved seafood dishes (right down to the price). But if you think about it , her prices are pretty good for the amount of lobster you get in a roll (i.e. you get what you pay for). My mother and I were so excited to see that The Maine Lobster Lady had returned. Its almost unheard of to find a real New England style lobstah roll out here (see Baers Den review), and shes got it, right down to the New England style roll (unavailable in AZ). Our rolls were both toasted to perfection and housed all of those beautiful pieces of lobster perfectly. I enjoyed mine w/ the lemon aioli, a gourmet take on the usual squeeze of lemon and a little bit of mayo, while my Ma enjoyed hers plain. We also ordered the blueberry lemonade, which was a bit too sour for my taste, but still blueberry-rific. Were so excited to go back tonight and get some full bellied clams (a MA delicacy that in 20 years we havent found anything close to down here) and some lobster mac and cheese. Thank you Maine Lobster Lady for bringing a true taste of home out west even if it is for only a couple months a year.
This place is great! Right when you walk in the door you get greeted by girls with smiling faces. I didn't bother looking at the menu because you could tell that everything about this place was fantastic. When they asked what I wanted for lunch, I simply said, "Surprise me!" I paid my bill and sat down an waited. A few moments later a lemonade with ginger ale showed up. It was all freshly squeezed and fresh. Lots of flavor and very refreshing. Later, they brought out my French Dip. Wow this looked good. Big thick hogie bun and a generous amount of beef. Dipping the sandwich was great and the food melted in your mouth. This was great! I will definitely be back to this place again!
What a pleasant surprise! I used a Groupon and made my first trip to Astor House yesterday and I can't wait to go back! Try the beans for your side dish, they are among the best I have ever tasted. The pulled pork was amazing, really juicy and the sauce was awesome. I also had the beef brisket and HOLY smokes! Really large portions, I actually had enough left over for dinner last night. The service was really good too, Stevie was a sweetheart. My only complaint is that Groupon limited me to only one purchase, I will get over that though. This is my new go to place for BBQ.
Delicious, cheap food at the airport and very friendly staff. I asked about the soups and the gentleman behind the register didn't hesitate to make a recommendation. I got the Tuscan Tomato which came with a piece of baguette and butter. Super creamy and super tasty. Took all of the stress out of my body and I got to sit and relax before my flight back to Vegas.
The bruschetta is amazing!
I highly recommend this company! Not only is Ryan Perry trustworthy but his company is reliable and does fantastic work. This company is extremely organized and honest. More often times then not you get taken to the bank when you need a handy job done in your home but The Repairs Guys are extremely reasonable and affordable. The did a great job and didn't try selling us unnecessary work just to make an extra buck. I will definitely use their services again for our next home repair!!
My husband and I were looking for a company to perform a multiple task project. The Repair Guys were definitely the men for this job! Not only did they move an electrical outlet and install our new 70" flat screen television (consisting of a wall mount, shelving and tactfully hid wiring), they also did all of the drywall repair and painted the wall in an accent color. We also had them repair a piece of stonework on the exterior of our home, as well as a large hole in the stucco caused by the neighborhood woodpecker. Everything turned out exceptionally well. Ryan and his team are a great group of people . They are trustworthy and do top notch work. I can't say enough good things about The Repair Guys!
Jason is great! He has always taken good care of me.
I ate here once while Crudo was still in its Scottsdale location. And I raved about it and vowed to come back (although the strange location in a salon delayed that return). Then Crudo disappeared. And I wondered how a place that fed me one of my best meals in Phoenix could disappear in a town supposedly full of foodies. Now it has reappeared, and in a better location. Oh joy.
One of the few things that I do is Yelp a restaurant on numerous occasions. Because my yelps are almost exclusively positive (there have been on a couple of exceptions) then only if a restaurant falls down do I re-Yelp. Happily, my less-than-a-month old additional Yelpout to Crudo bears happiness and light. This place is becoming one of the addictions that is quick in onset with no negative side effects. Maureen was once again the guide and this time of year is exactly the right time for you who have thought that the lines are long and the tables are full...to check it out. Peg and I were treated to the same glorious ideas: butterfish (x2), yellowtail, mushroom gratin, pork belly, and albacore. All prepared incredibly well and with outstanding finesse and knowledge of food. We are thrilled to make Crudo a destination as a place not only for excellent food but for ambiance and service that is incredibly welcoming. From my lips to pig's ear... Dr. B
One of the best meals I've had in Phoenix. Great space, attentive staff and the food is so fantastic.
Pigs ears are delicious - who knew? More on this in a minute. Sadly, I've never been here for dinner. I've dropped in a number of times after dinner for a drink and to talk with friends and Crudo never disappoints. They have an extensive list of unique drinks written on a large chalkboard. Do Not, I repeat, Do Not, just order something boring like a beer or a glass of wine. OK, you can but you'll be missing out. A personal favorite is the 1951 (bourbon, amaro, grapefruit cinnamon syrup and bitters). Tasty! OK, the pig ears. Two words - order them. These are fried pig ears with pickled chilis and onions. No, it doesn't sound good but you will love it. You're just going to have to trust me and almost everyone else sitting here.
Crudo is an amazing restaurant we went to based on it's Yelp reviews. My husband and I had a wonderful meal. It was a little hard to find but once we walked in the door we were treated like royalty. We chose the three course meal and added the pig's ears. They were just as wonderful as other reviewers have mentioned. Don't miss them! Then I ordered the yellowtail and my husband ordered butterfish. Both were excellent. The butterfish had a more interesting flavor profile but I liked the texture of the yellowtail better. Then for our next course I had the fresh mozarella and hubs had the mushroom gratin. Again both were excellent. For me, my plate had too much bread and not enough mozzarella but the flavor was excellent. Then I had the porkbelly with polenta and hubs had sea bass. We enjoyed them both. The corn flavor of the polenta was especially nice. We will definitely be back!
This is a tiny grab and go version of the delicious locally owned Dilly's Delis around the valley. Of course it is no where near the menu of the actual restaurants they have outside of the airport, but obviously that is because it is a Kiosk in an airport. The wraps are delicious and better than most of the larger restaurants in the airport by far in my opinion. If you are wanting the yummy soups in homemade bread bowls, you will have to drive the 2 miles to University and Hardy Dilly's Deli, but you can still get a great ready to go wrap or sandwich in 2 minutes and still make the flight that has started boarding! I am thrilled to see little locally owned shops have made it into the sky harbor airport and hope that people will remember that they are in fact supporting local establishments and not the big chains found at most airports!
I owed Brandon a review from our July 1st move. Brandon kept in communication and was really good about working his schedule with us. Very polite, professional, and a great attitude about the move. The guys worked their butt off and hustled the entire time. I would highly recommend Brandon.
We are extremely pleased with the outstanding service provided by Brandon, Alex and Elliot. Not only were they prompt, efficient and careful but they were also cordial and engaging people. These three are excellent movers and we will undoubtedly use them again in the future!!!
Excellent service - on time, worked hard, very careful, took some furniture apart to move and put it back together. Would definitely hire for our next move. Highly recommend!! Painless and smooth!
I began my association with Pretty in Pink through Groupon--I bought 3 cleaning sessions, which I thought would be a great audition for the company. I was right, and they passed with flying colors. I had them do deep cleaning the first two sessions. Over the past year I took care of an injured relative, and I had gotten behind on cleaning. I'd only had time to take care of the middle, and places like the showers, shutters, top of the kitchen cabinets needed LOTS of attention. The team from Pretty in Pink made everything sparkle and shine. They were thorough and efficient. On the third session, I wanted to see how they would do with a typical cleaning. I had some specific instructions for care for certain items in my home. They listened carefully and did just as I asked. Once again, my home was sparkling. I plan to use them on a regular basis now, and I'm looking forward to extra care my home will receive. One last note--I worked with two different teams. Both teams had at least one fluent English speaker on the team. I had zero communication issues!
I bought items that I would normally purchase at Circle K or Safeway, but was able to avoid dealing with eccentric transients and dirty mop buckets. Also, they sell Spam.
I went to visit this store for the first time last night because I was starving and didn't have time to cook dinner. Wow! I was so surprised! This place is the most amazing quick lunch/dinner store I have ever been to. I got the fresh Salmon and Chicken Fruit Bowl. The salmon was fresh and the chicken fruit bowl had grapefruit and oranges that were delicious. The big surprise was the salad I got for the next day...Sriracha Chicken Salad. I had to work at the office 11 hours straight and didn't know if I was going to make it without lunch, then I remembered I had bought a salad from My Fit Foods...I opened it and the entire office kept asking me how it was because it smelled so good. Needless to say it got me through the day and saved my energy!
love this place. hot dogs are the best and the tacos are great too. they are even open cor lunch.
A group of us wanted to get together for my boyfriends birthday we decided to try Fuego Cantina out as it was a great meeting point and heard mixed reviews so we wanted to see for ourselves... Glad we did. Started with Firecracker Shrimp and some chicken wings both had a unique flavor with great dipping sauces. I had a grilled chicken burrito which was not only delicious but also huge! The salads were amazing with lots of yummy ingredients fruit walnuts cheeses etc. I like the presentation and atmosphere is festive.. Our server Holly was incredibly attentive and patient. She really made our night fun and never wanting for anything. We will be going back for sure!
Great concept and good vegan food. :c)
I've been meaning to put this review up for a while to thank Big O Tires and Rob for a job well done. My experiences here have been more like Hillary's and not Tanya's. Rob is the man! A complete professional, very friendly and personable and makes you feel like your car is in good hands (which it is!). Rob will make sure you are completely taken care of and make your car "right as rain". My girlfriend and I brought in our cars before a cross country road trip to get a good amount of work done. Big O was quick and we have no complaints about the quality of their work. I since have moved away from Arizona, but if and when I return in a couple years, I'll be sure to return to this Big O for my car maintenance needs.
Excellent service! A few months ago I got to meet Mike the mgr who also assisted me very generously when I needed a alignment and tire for my Mazda5. i love the fact they offered me a ride to my job while they worked my Mazda. Today I went back with my new Nissan Quest....not sure if I was just lucky to have the manager help me the first time, this time Barry helped me as I asked for a evaluation on my new vehicle.....honest evaluation, professional help, excellent staff! I've met with bob and Desiree by phone....so helpful and kind too.
Perfect everything. try the frijoles con chorizo!!!
Best tacos in town by far!! Can't beat the price either. With two locations in the valley that are always CLEAN and really nice staff you're sure to make this an enjoyable experience.. Highly recommended from carne Assad tacos to Barbacoa.. they have very good tortillas and a salsa bar ... I love this taco shop
I shattered my iPhone screen while visiting from San Diego. I called so many places and everyone was trying to charge me $80 or more to replace and iPhone 3GS screen! Called these guys and they told me $40. He told me it would take 20-30 minutes and since I came back in an hour he was charging my phone for me since I was on low battery. Seriously awesome! Honest prices, fixes it quick, and really nice and friendly. Plus it's in a big shopping center so you can shop while you wait.
Second ipad screen I've gotten here...took an hour, they even gave me free corner repairs since I'm a repeat client.
The drinks here are sick! The bartenders are mixologist to the highest level !
Updating my review from 4 stars to 5 stars because I'm still talking about those grits!
The food is phenomenal &the staff is awesome. Downtown Phoenix has few options anyway, so it's imperative to find a great place to eat. BLUE HOUND isn't the cat's meow. It's the Blue Hound's bark! (even better, que no?)
I admit, I have been a bad Yelp citizen, always using, never contributing ratings. But the last two nights at The Blue Hound have forced my hand. For our weekend getaway at the Palomar, we decided to try the hotel restaurant the first night. We went all in, having the "Chef and Bar Squad Geek Out" tasting menu. Wow. We had terrific service from our server (forgot his name), and personal visits from Adrienne (or Cheyenne?), the GM. The chef even tailored our selections for my wife's selective palate (no seafood, nothing raw). Then he personally delivered and described each amazing course. And the pairings from the bar were perfect. Our favorite was the spiced up version of a Singapore Sling. A great evening. The next night, we had reservations at a neighboring restaurant, The Arrogant Butcher, mainly because of their prime rib special. We were joined by my dad, and seated just before 7. After we ordered an appetizer, we were informed that they were out of prime rib. It was a game day, but one would think with the evening booked through 9 PM with reservations, they would still have had their special at 7 PM. We left, quite disappointed, with our evening plans a mess. Then, in a stroke of genius, my wife suggested a return to The Blue Hound. As soon as we met our server, Zach, we knew the evening would be turning around. My wife and dad decided to split "One Big A$$ Steak", a 36 oz porterhouse, with cast iron scalloped potatoes. I asked for a half order of the pork belly sliders. The chef, upon hearing of our disappointing evening, didn't want us to wait for food. So he sent out a complimentary tater tots appetizer (amazing) followed by an interesting roasted corn on the cob (also delicious). My wife and father asked for repeats of the spiced up Singapore Sling. I had a Hendrick's gimlet, which the bartender perfected with muddled cucumber (staying clear of lime at my request). The night was already saved, and then the entrees arrived. My steak loving wife and my dad LOVED the porterhouse, grilled to perfection. And just to go even one more step above and beyond, the chef sent me the full order of sliders, because he didn't want me to be jealous of the huge steak. Over the top. I have to go with five stars. This was greatness in all aspects. We can't wait to return!
Well I have to give Blue Hound the fifth star for the service, atmosphere and of course the food. We went with the chef's choice four course menu. Everything was perfect but I especially loved the double cut pork chop. Can't wait to return
I came here by myself on a Thursday during happy hour, since sadly none of my, "friends" had the time or desire to join me!! :( Well, they missed out!!! This place is perky, colorful and clean. I had the chicken tacos from the HH Menu as well as a Prickly Pear Mojito and that was spectacular, and to top it all off I indulged myself with a Milk Chocolate Tres Leches Cake. and that was just okay!!! I've made and had way better ones'!!! Overall, great little place. and hopefully next time I will bring someone along!!! My server was great, She was very attentive and well knowledged on the menu items!!! Great place!! *** You deserve an A++ :)
As always, the peril cornbread appetizer is a delicious meal. Unless you have a big appetite..you will be pleasantly full from this one dish. The chile rellenos is awesomely different. Located in downtown Phoenix, it is fun to sit outside and peoplewatch.
First time to came here. I ordered bipimbab. I was great! I also order spicy noodles, it was spicy, so be aware what the spicy level that you can eat. I would like to go back to order something else. The atmosphere was comfy.
Love this location....close to where I live....friendly staff....excelent customer service.....
Robert is awesome! I called to schedule an appointment. We discussed how I was concerned about all of the stains my pets have left on our carpets from vomit, pee, and poop... You name it. Robert came to the house on time and got started. He used a "water claw" on our carpets in the tough to clean areas. He soaked the urine spots and then sucked up the water with this device. The result was amazing! 1 year old stains were gone... And are still looking great over a week later. We also had our tile done. The grout is the cleanest it's been since we moved in. We will definitely be using Robert again. His prices our reasonable and he cares about the job he does. He does all of the jobs himself and calls back a few days later to make sure you are 100% happy with the work. Otherwise, he will come back and fix it at no charge.
This review has been long overdue. I contacted Rob at "I Clean Carpets" after reading the amazing reviews about his company. Hands down, I Clean Carpets is the best carpet and tile cleaning business in the valley. I contacted Rob and scheduled my appointment a couple weeks out so I can get on his books early. After explaining what I needed done he gave me an estimate over the phone that was very reasonable. We have been living in our house for about 5 years (new build) and have never had the carpets cleaned. We have a set of 4 year old twins and one on the way so we figured it was about time. Rob called me as he was getting ready to leave his previous customers house and explained how far away he was. He then called again explaining their was some traffic and would be there shortly. I understand traffic and accidents happen and Rob is very good communicating with his customers his estimated time of arrival. Rob and his assistant showed up and immediately started setting up. He placed corner guards around the house and even helped move some furniture. I had about 1500 Sq. ft. of tile and grout that I needed cleaned and sealed and also 4 bedrooms of carpet cleaning. Rob and his assistant tackled the tile first and started with a pre-treatment. His assistant then went around and brushed every grout line until it looked brand new again. After the brush job, they hit it with a powerful pressure washer which made the tile look immaculate. My carpets were in pretty good shape and had a few small spots. Rob was able to easily remove these spots and made the carpets smell and look brand new again. After all the tile and carpet was cleaned he applied a scotch guard to the carpets and sealed all the tile and grout. Rob and his assistant did an amazing job!! They were very professional, clean and took great care during the entire process. After speaking with Rob you can tell he has been in the business for a long time and knew all the tips and secrets. As he was leaving he gave me a bottle of spot removal if any future spills may occur. Rob also called me the following day to follow up with the carpet and tile cleaning and wanted to make sure that I was completely satisfied. Talk about customer service!!! I was so happy with the service I received!! I will be using Rob in the future and will be recommending him to all of my friends and family.
I called I Clean Carpets again based on my previous experience. Once again Rob the owner arrived on time and got straight to work. As expected, my carpets looked great when he was done. He also left a bottle of some spot treatment. That was a great customer service gesture. Rob is a master in his industry. Thank You Rob and ICC!
I showed the pictures of Rob's work to the manager and assistant manager of the complex. They were beyond floored with the quality of work. Rob, expect some new business soon.
Efficient, effective, earned our trust. What a relief to find somebody who really cares about carpet cleaning. Rob came out and did a fabulous job on our whole house. Arrived on time finished on time thanks Rob will have you back again
After reading all the YELP reviews I called Rob and got an appointment for carpet and tile & grout cleaning. I had to wait couple of weeks for my appointment but wasn't disappointed in the end. Great job!! He makes sure everything is done right even if it takes longer than expected. Thanks Rob.
Yum-ola. Friendly bartender. Bunches of tvs, free WiFi, great food, and affordable. Enlightened spinach salad, chicken hoagie, meatball Sammie are all fabulouso. I eat tons of food. They serve large portions and fresh food, lots of veggies. I am a happy lean clean-eatin mean lady.
Great beer selection and awesome pizza! The service was fantastic! I can't wait to go back!!
Holy mother of salad goodness...I have finally found a replacement for the sadly now-closed Market Bistro. The sandwiches are interesting and have amazingly soft bread. The salads are fresh and generously portioned with dressings that are tasteful. The desserts are also yummy. This place is my new favorite and go-to at least once per week. And for $8 that gives you a FULL sandwich and salad (which you can easily split) - paradise bakery must be freaking out!
I love this place! We have received wonderful customer service from being greeted at the door, to providing suggestions when ordering, to clearing our plates as soon as we are finished. And all this with a smile! Great food--always looking for that perfect big salad! They have a lot of soup and salad options and some tasty baked goods! The best part is every meal comes with a chocolate covered strawberry so you always have a sweet treat to finish off your meal.
I am so glad I found this place! Ready made meals that are healthy, fresh, and don't taste bad! Where has this concept been all my life? I have probably cut my average daily caloric intake in half (at least) by getting my food here and I don't feel hungry. When I first looked at their website, I saw that the food came in different portions and assumed that the "small" was going to be like three bites and that's why it was so low calorie. Wrong! I honestly can eat three of these a day with maybe a snack and not feel hungry. Between working full time and my other regular activities (plus being single and only having myself to feed) cooking just doesn't really fit into my schedule. I tend to eat out way too often, and I was feeling really unhealthy and gaining weight. I have tried some pre-packaged meal plans before and they were awful, they didn't even taste like food. It isn't cheap, but if your previous lifestyle was like mine, neither was that. If you compare the prices to a family buying in bulk or a student living off ramen and spaghetti, then yes, it's ridiculously expensive. If you compare it to going out to dinner several times a week and grabbing lunch out someplace regularly, it's the same price or cheaper. I'm still in the process of trying things and figuring out what I like and what I don't, but so far I have found a fair amount of things that taste good. I add hot sauce to a lot of things or a little salt and pepper, but really, they do a pretty good job.
Always on it when I come in before my multi day trips. Call ahead to have allergy free foods made fresh and ready. I love that this My FF is open on Ray so I don't have to drive up to PV anymore! The staff is knowledgable and always helpful. Love the B12 mix. Always good for flying red eyes and not landing sluggish. Being healthy is a choice and MY FF makes it easy and convenient! Can't wait for a home delivery service maybe ? Someday?
Stopped at Lustre before heading to Stand up Live last night. The weather was perfect as well as the service, food and drinks. We shared a flat bread and some chips and guacamole. Both were really good. The drinks are fantastic and they also have a really light cider that was so refreshing and not to sweet. The DJ was playing a great variety of alternative music and tons of people were dancing. We had such a great time that we came back and hung out after the Stand up show. Will definitely be back!!
For the price, the flavor and the serving size a delight! On or way to full the rental car tank near Sky Harbor Airport, we found this treasure. Crispy corn tortillas, thin flour tortillas and savory carne asada were topped with fresh ingredients of our choice. THIS was the meal I'd been waiting for on a trip to Arizona from the Twin Cities!
I have been to several fitness studios but I can honestly say that I feel at home at CoreBalance. I absolutely love this studio! Grant has created a great boutique studio that offers spin, circuit classes, Pilates, Yoga, Barre and WEightless classes. I love the variety of classes this studio has to offer. Grant and his staff are amazing and so friendly. If Spin is your game, you will find a great workout with the RealRyder. This is not your normal Spin bike. This bike moves and will put some definition in your abs. The bikes take a little bit of getting use to but you will feel it in your abs. Barre Intervals takes barre to the next level. Ulyssa will give you a high-intense workout that will make you feel great. I'm not going to lie, this is a tough class You're legs will be screaming but it's worth it! Air Barre (WEightless) is the best workout I have ever tried. It's also kind of life-changing. Kiya will help train your mind, body and soul with one crazy workout. The first time I took Kiya's class, I thought she was crazy. After attending her class, I can thank her for teaching me to be weightless and learning to let things go. Grant and all the instructors are awesome and very knowledgeable. If you are looking to change up your workout routine, CoreBalance will take you to the next level.
I started going to this studio after buying a voucher deal and I loved it so much after my deal ended, I purchased a membership. Everyone is really friendly and there because they legitimately want to work out and get in shape- not put on a show. The studio is in a great location, the owner Grant is super nice, and the classes put me in the best shape of my life. I tried the spin classes but it wasn't really my thing though I know they are a huge hit for a lot of the other customers. I love the barre/Pilates classes- Allison, the barre teacher, is so great and on point with her instruction. She will get you in great shape if you're willing to put the work in!
Everyone here is extremely professional and compassionate. I would recommend their office for anyone suffering from life long illness or pain looking for an alternative source of relief and peace of mind. They not only discuss the option of medical marijuana but also a few other treatments depending on your condition. Making an appointment was easy with one phone call, and they made sure to remind me a day ahead of what time I needed to be there. All around a positive experience.
I recently had my make-up done by Jena for an Ahwatukee Chamber of Commerce event. She volunteered her time to make up models for a fashion show. She did amazing work on all the models. .we were a group of "normal" women of all ages and she made everyone look radiantly gorgeous! Definitely knows what she is doing! Highly recommend!
Went for a birthday dinner on a Thursday night. Staff was very welcoming and nice. Kids loved the teppanyaki dinner and the food was fabulous. 8yrs. old son said it was the best restaurant. Fried rice was fluffy and not overly spiced. The meat was very tender and the seafood was perfectly cooked. Never had to wait for service, the waitress was very attentive and understanding with the kids. Can't wait to go back, will be bringing the grandparents as well.
This restaurant has the freshest food with the most flavorful burgers. I highly recommend Habit should you need a quick bite to eat thats well worth every penny. The Staff is incredible and always smiling.
I had lunch here today and was really surprised at this non-assuming burger restaurant. A friend recommended it and I met him here for lunch. I ordered the grilled chicken on a whole wheat bun with bbq sauce, lettuce, grilled onions, and tomato. It's cooked over a fire grill and was ready in about ten minutes. Probably one of the best gilled chicken sandwiches I have ever had. Nice restaurant with not quite enough seating though. Very busy at lunch time. The manager was very involved and helped remove the trays form the tables and came by to see if everything was good.
Snuck in there tonight and had some great food. It's nice finding a place that can make food spicy and tasty without compromising one or the other. We at the whole menu, and I almost asked for a second round. Everything was the right blend of gourmet and classic without being pretentious. Loved it and can't wait to go back.
Husband and I decided to check this place out for dinner last night. It was very easy to find, considering that they don't have a sign, just a chalkboard easel out front. When we walked in, we were immediately greeted by a friendly male server who sat us right away and got us some water. We were one of only 2 tables when we got there....a Friday night around 8:45. First of all, I loved the decor inside....everywhere I looked there was something awesome hanging from the ceiling. The brightly lit tables are very neat, too. As we looked over the short menu, the server made a few recommendations to us, and warned us about the spiciness of the food. He also told us that it is tapas style food so we could try a few things. We started with the No Whey Jose Nachos.....AWESOME! They were SO SO good! I ordered the pesadilla quesadilla, halfway between "gringo style" and the normal amount of spice, as some Yelpers complained about it being way too spicy. It was SO good! However, I wished that I had just ordered it with full on spice, as the other two dishes we ordered "normal" and although they made me sniffle a little, I didn't think they were overbearing or too spicy at all! My husband ordered the borrachita tacos which were wrapped in a crispy tortilla and were also incredible and nice and spicy! All in all, we loved this place and can't wait to try a few more dishes. Who knew that vegan Mexican food could be so flavorful? If you brought someone here without telling them it was vegan food, they probably wouldn't even notice....honestly! My one hang-up might be that it is VERY VERY dark inside. I couldn't even distinguish between a bite of refried beans and a bite of cheese sauce! The bathroom is also incredibly dimly lit....one very dim purple light, lol. Oh well, we came here for the food anyways, and we will definitely be back.....SOON!
Great locally owned froyo shop. After dinner at Hula, we noticed that a new shop had opened in the same complex. We walked in and low and behold... It was a recently opened yogurt shop. It turns out that they opened today at 2pm. The seating and atmosphere are really relaxed but fun. They have some usual flavors (milk choco and vanilla) but they have some fun flavors (strawberry banana and red velvet) too. Something else I noticed is that they have low fat and a sorbet option. Their toppings are freshly cut and yummy! I'll def be going back!!
We get it. Self serve froyo is pretty darn good. But Twirl? Twirl is an experience beyond anything else those other self serve places have to offer. I mean, nutella froyo? Carmel macchiato? Parline? Those are only but a few of my favorite flavors but they have so much more to offer that it will leave you BEGGING for more. The yogurt itself isn't overpoweringly sweet like most other places I've been to which is a huge plus in my book. I think there could be more variety when it comes to the toppings, but with their offerings of yogurt, I usually opt to go sans extras. The decor is really funky and has this great ambiance. You get off kind of a coffee shop vibe when you're there. You know, the kind of place you can sit and chat with you friends for a couple of hours in a really comfortable setting. Or even just kick back and read or take in the day. It's really mellow and hip. I can appreciate a place that puts as much thought into there product as well as their presentation. If you haven't tried this place out yet, why don't you give it a TWIRL? ;)
I think this place is closed... I am so sad because I love their food! I brought my mom and they were closed. There was no sign on the door. I called the number and it is disconnected. I am seriously very sad about this!
Some of the best food ever served in an airport. The enchiladas, which are tightly rolled in crusty tortillas and are consequently more like flautas, are outstandingly creative and delicious. The rest of the fairly small menu is also up to snuff. The only catch is, the service, especially the taking of orders and, even more, the bringing of the check, are on the leisurely scale of a sitdown city restaurant, not of an airport. If you have less than about 100 minutes till your flight, then FORGET IT. Don't eat here: you'll expire of a heart attack while fretting over whether the bill will come before your plane starts boarding. But the food is good enough to make it worth arranging a long layover, or coming here from another pod in the same terminal, at least.
I am in LOVE with this store! It's the best place in town to pull off your thrifty fashionista style. Every time I bring a friend or relative with me, we load up our fitting rooms with fun, unique finds, and always leave with a treasure of some sort. I love the boutique feel, where I am not having to sift through tons of racks of shoddy, outdated clothes. This location is smaller, and its obvious Nicole has a discerning eye when it comes to picking the best items. Bottom line: this is by far my favorite resale clothing store in Phoenix!
Awesome find again read my previous review! Thank you for your help Beth! Can spend hours just browsing!
For months of my garage making weird noises it finally stopped working. After looking on yelp for a good repair man and nobody answering I called this company. The owner Rick was able to pin point the problem over the phone and give me a cost. His cost was very reasonable and he fix my garage with no hassle. I was very pleased with his work and his customer service. I will be using him again!
Larry is a different kind of business advisor. Do not call him a coach. Hate those types. Larry doesn't do it for you. He essentially wakes you up to reality, finds the holes and gaps in your business and helps arm you with the info you need to help yourself. Plus his NYC accent puts me right back on the east coast. A true professional with real results.
See Spot Shop is a full-service holistic pet center that provides one-stop shopping for a wide variety of pet products and services, including high-quality pet food, treats and supplements. The new 1,566-square-foot store offers northwest Valley residents a broad selection of unique merchandise, including collars, beds, clothing, toys and grooming supplies. This new store also provides grooming services and a series of veterinarian-supervised anesthesia-free teeth cleaning clinics. The Valley's first See Spot Shop location has been operating at the Summit Shopping Center in northeast Scottsdale since 2005. Stetson Village, a 144,360-square-foot community shopping center, is anchored by a 57,860-square-foot Safeway Store, and has developed into a vibrant neighborhood shopping center offering an array of national and local retailers to the trade area, and a number of high-quality neighborhood restaurants.
I've been taking my 3 dogs here since they opened the doors, but have failed to be a good Yelper until now. I have an 7lb schnoodle, a 40lb aussie mix and a 60lb senior chow shepherd, all with a huge variety of different grooming and dietary needs. My dogs LOVE to come here for grooming. I am slightly particular about the cuts my dogs get (I'm a hairdresser), especially on my schnoodle, and and they've nailed it every time! My Chow mix is aloof and nervous by nature, but her tail starts wagging in the car when we pull up, and when she's done she's floofy and beautiful. My aussie mix is short hair so he just really needs a bath and a few extra belly rubs. The prices on the grooming are so reasonable compared to what's in my area (Cave Creek) that it's so worth the drive, and the staff and groomers have always been courteous and prompt! We never have to wait long for our dogs to be done. Their Scottsdale location is closer to me and I visit regularly to buy food (they don't yet offer grooming there yet). The staff at both locations are so well educated on the products they carry. You may feel the food selection is a little pricier, but the quality is so superior it has even helped my senior dog dramatically improved the quality of her life. I love knowing that I'm supporting a local business when I spend my money here. Don't hesitate, this place is terrific!
Found this gem and so happy I did. Fantastic place. The owner is amazing, she is full of inspiring ideas. She had no problem staying in budget and taking extra time to help with ideas. She is super accommodating, patient, and willing to wholeheartedly help the customer. This is my new favorite place and I intend to be a repeat customer. Her inventory is so fun!
I live near this thrift store. I love the fact that my purchases help rescue dogs. I usually buy books and stuffed animals for my dog, but if you look around, they have a lot of neat and good quality items for VERY good prices. For instance, I got a few Van Gogh posters (1 framed) for $6. The people are always very friendly when I'm there. It's a great store.
This is the premier poker room in Phoenix. Very attractive interior with the best poker tables in town, politeness is strongly encouraged, no swearing or course language allowed, very good staff,
No rake, no annual membership or fees. Just a fun "home" game in a strip mall minutes from my parents' house. They have 1-2 and 2-3 NL games and the min buy is $40, max is $500. Everyone is friendly and they offered us snacks and drinks while we played. Since there isn't a rake or fee, don't be cheap (like one guy there) and tip the dealer generously.
Inside of an airport, this is without a doubt the best burger I've ever had. Outside of an airport, it's in my top 5 of all time. Yes, I said it...this shit is the real deal. I didn't try the fries or milkshake, but I can attest that this place is worth getting to, no matter how far you have to walk through this airport...do yourself a favor and do it.
Sens redux. Only bigger, cooler lighting, and more bathrooms. The only draw back to the move was that it is no longer within walking distance. I have to drive or take the light rail. First world problems. The food is still spot on. The changing choices of beers is great too. Reverse happy hours have taken some money from me. Take a date here. Putty in your hands. It can be a little loud from the DJ, but do you really need to hear what she is saying anyway? I kid. I will be moving down the street from this place soon, so I see more visits in the future and maybe some long walks home.
Astounding food and drinks. I really can't say more.
I really enjoyed Sochu House. Drinks (martinis) are phenomenal. You can order several different plates, tapas style, which was fun. At night it is like a night club, basically, but still laid back and chill.
I'd been wanting to try this place, and I can't believe I waited so long! It was absolutely delicious! I got the Thai Spring Rolls and the spicy peanut dipping sauce was amazing. So flavorful! I had the Hot & Sour soup (veggie) for my entree and I was surprised at how filling it actually was. It is the BEST hot & sour soup I have ever had. If I go back, I will definitely order this again. All of the tapas sounded great and I can't wait to try more. My friends had the potstickers and wings and were also impressed at the taste. The service was great too! Our server let me know that almost all of the entrees can be made vegetarian if not vegan.
Critter Ridder did a great job in helping us solve a tough problem with roof rats. The rats initially got into the attic, then a crawl space, and eventually the house. I set a bunch of traps myself, but the problem wasn't getting solved. Critter Ridder quickly and accurately diagnosed the problem and found how the rats were getting into the house. They were also very prompt and great to work with. My significant other said "I've never met anyone who knows so much about rats!" They placed the traps in the right places and sealed everything up. It's now been nearly a month with no rats, and we are very happy about that.
So I thought I rented the perfect house. A very cute/old farm house in the historical district. Then I discovered the place had roaches/ratts.....Big time, and the land lord wasn't willing to do anything about it. I thought I was gonna have to back out. Then a neighbor recommended Critter Ridder of AZ. I now sleep better for it. They were on time, very professional, and half the price I expected to pay. This house is livable again thanks to these guys. No BS, No up selling. Awesome.
I wish everyone I do business was like Ryan! He is reliable, courteous, knowledgeable and skilled. I never go anywhere else since I hired Ryan (based on Yelp reviews) over 1.5 years ago. He has now also worked for my mom with the same outcome - excellent service at fair prices. You'll be glad you called Ryan for your handyman needs!
Jeanne's new store is fantastic. I stopped in last Saturday just to see her new digs, and ended up leaving with two new-to-me bracelets and a spoon ring made by a new local artist. Pearls has a great selection of vintage clothes (for women AND men), jewelry, handbags, and housewares. And the space is open, organized, and easy to browse through. When I was in, Jeanne's mother was working, and she's just as fun to chat with as her daughter. Great stuff, great atmosphere, and great people working there = 5 stars from me!
Scott, the owner, visited our house today for some pest issues we are having. I spoke with a few other companies on the phone but they all tried to up sell other services or required an expensive monthly contract. Scott was not pushy and seemed very knowledgeable about organic pest control options that are pet-friendly. During the first visit he spent over an hour at our house doing a thorough walk through and discussing the issues we are having. Scott sealed up all openings in the doors so bugs can not get through and put down a pet-safe product to take care of any bugs in the home. The service was very affordable and I would recommend them if you are having any pest issues but don't like the idea of filling your home with chemicals.
We love this place, and go there at least once a week, sometimes twice. It helps that we live walking distance away. Fantastic selection of very interesting and well done breakfast dishes, and wonderful Japanese style cold brewed iced coffee. They have a dog friendly patio around the back, where the waitstaff bring our dogs water in dog bowls without even asking for it. Even more impressive is the service. We were there today (Sunday) and the place was very busy. My wife ordered her favorite, apple and potato boxty. Some time after we ordered, but before we got served, they ran out of boxty. Kai, the manager, came over and offered her anything else on the menu. And then he did something I had only heard about from my parents, about how fine restaurants used to be run. He comped BOTH our meals in apology for running out of my wife's favorite. I thought this kind of service had gone the way of the dodo. I was blown away.
Oh. Em. Vee. This was delicious. New favorite breakfast place obsession has commenced with this lovely little gem. Recommend the Savory Crepes (perfect amount of saucy goodness + cheese + egg) and the johnnycakes. Going to try the three sisters strata next.
i eat here all the time. i called to check the hours, no answer. are they closed? please reply,anybody! im hearthbroken. lol.
Amazing flavors, I have made homemade pizza with the Cilantro Garlic and herb olive oil and I used the White Peach vinaigrette with mustard to make a dipping sauce for my delicious homemade bagel bites. Simple delicious, simply new, simply fresh, the Dipping Well will serve all of your needs.
First Fridays has grown into itself in the past 8 years I've been living in the valley. What used to be a boring stroll through various galleries has now become a multitude of art, crafts, music, food, and brings people from all walks of life. There is so much more participation from vendors and businesses that it brings more of us out to support our local community! A win win!
Excellent food - authentic New Mexico Mexican food. Always consistent and delicious. Service with a smile - the bartenders and wait staff are all friendly and attentive. Absolutely my favorite restaurant in Phoenix.
Really good food. I'm not a fan of Thai but my wife loves it. We were both thrilled with what we got.
Chanpen Thai is a hidden gem! My husband and I had been wanting to try it since hearing rave reviews from fellow foodies. We decided there was no better day than May Day and set out for our culinary adventure. We agree with other reviewers that the neighborhood is questionable and that the restaurant is cozy, but don't let that stop you from experiencing some of the best, most affordable Thai food in the Valley! He ordered Pad See Ew with beef, spice level two, and I had Red Curry with chicken, spice level three. Both dishes were quickly prepared and were divine. The service was professional, but what impressed us most was that the chef personally stepped out to check on how we enjoyed the meal. For this, as well as for the delectable dishes, we'll definitely be back again ... and again ... and again! Read this Phoenix New Times review if, after this and the other reviews, you are still contemplating where you'll enjoy your next Thai meal: http://www.phoenixnewtimes.com/2013-03-07/restaurants/chanpen-is-back-in-the-usa-lucky-us/.
The spice levels go from 0 to 5. I like spice and ordered a 3. The dishes had a light comfortable burn that.didn't overwhelm the flavor. I'm sure a 5 will be something to be reckoned with.
Wonderful!!! Stopped by on way home from work today. Ordered the chicken spicy sweet basil. Yum !!! I have class this place for the past 9 years and never went in because of the small building when I saw the Yelp reviews I decided to try it .will go again and again amd again now. wow I have been missing out!!!
Everything I love and nothing I don't. Nice atmosphere -- cozy yet modern, very friendly. We got there a little early and sat at the bar. Nice selection of craft brews. San Tan Hop Shock IPA was wonderful. We started dinner with a (shared) bowl of the soup of the day; a delicious squash soup with duck confit. Oh, yes. My pork osso bucco was fall-off-the-bone-tender, the pickled cabbage and asparagus spears were a great complement, and they let me sub in corn spaetzle for the standard garlic mashed potatoes. Wifey enjoyed her squash ravioli, and our 4 friends loved their scallop and steak dishes. Shared two small plate desserts - a chocolate creme brulee and berry empanadas. Really good. Service was friendly and attentive. A perfect evening.
Hmm, I wrote a review earlier and now can't find it. Three of us had brunch here today and, again, it was wonderful. The Kitchen Eggs Benedict was light, beautifully executed and just perfect.
Very happy. Good light lunch and nice people that take care of you.
Lured in by the fixed price Restaurant Week menu, we enjoyed a surprisingly fantastic dinner here. Located in a busy strip mall, we were skeptical as we approached but were immediately set at ease after we walked in. The interior is very upscale with an open kitchen, sit down bar, and is larger inside than what it appeared from the parking lot. We each tried one of the three appetizers, entrees, and deserts that were featured and were not disappointed with anything (nor was there a morsel left on any of the plates!) We were able to try the mushroom soup (could have used a little more salt and a fresh herb garnish), corn polenta with shrimp, and roasted beet salad along with the braised short ribs, fresh sea bass, and beef tenderloin medallions with goat cheese polenta. The wines suggested to go with the entrees were perfect, wait staff was excellent, and ambiance superb. We will definitely be going back again!
We've enjoyed Rusconi's by ourselves, with friends and with a group. Always fun and always fabulous food. The staff is great the food is yummy with wonderful presentation, there are always a few "ooh and aahs" when we get our plates.
AMAZING food and service. Taylor is our favorite waiter. The menu changes frequently and each dish is better than the last. We took our preschoolers with us because it was a family birthday celebration and for an upscale restaurant they were so very accommodating , making the best Mac n cheese for them and even an adorable flower apple plate because my 4 year old asked for apples and Mac n cheese even though it was not on the menu. We also have stopped by for just drinks And desert and the bartender is excellent. Our favorite neighborhood place !
I knew I had to try it when my Jimmy John's loving friend squealed with excitement, "Move over Jimmy's, Potbelly is coming to town!" So when I drove by it unexpectedly while looking for some dinner, I made a u-turn on Camelback and pulled right on in. I only have two things to say about my experience: 1) Great customer service. Everyone is so darn nice I'm scared they might be pod-people. 2. Delicious. Potbelly Sandwich shop, good food made by people who might be aliens.
It was great to go to this place. I am from around the Chicago area and use to go to a Potbelly's around once a week. I was really pumped up to see one here. I walked in and ordered the wreck sandwhich and some chips. After the first bite I was hooked. I finished my food and got right back in line again and had another sandwhich. I don't live close to this location but I will be driving up here at least once a month to go here. The service was also great.
YUMMY! I think this was the best sandwich I have ever had. When I walked into the restaurant with my stroller, one of the workers asked if I would like to give them my order at the table instead of waiting in line with the baby. Score! Anyone willing to make my life easier at this point earns major kudos from me. I ordered the roast beef sandwich, chips, and a large drink. I also orders an Italian sandwich to-go for the hubster. The sandwiches were huge--all for $13. The hot peppers, which is what Potbelly is famous for, really make the sandwich heavenly! The peppers give the sandwich a little bite. SO good! Well Potbelly, you are my new go-to place, replacing your across the street neighbor in my weekly repertoire!
Potbelly Sandwich Shop is definitely the place to go for a good bite to eat. I would recommend this place to anyone who is trying to find an alternative to Subway. People are so used to Subway and it's absolutely mediocre. Subway is okay but I would basically compare them to McDonald's for sandwiches because there are so many places that are better. I think people are either clueless or simply don't have a decent set of taste buds. Potbelly are quality sandwiches and is reasonably priced. The best places for sandwiches is definitely Potbelly, Capriotti's, and Jimmy John's. Potbelly is here to stay. :)
The hamburgers and fries are always great. The reliability and taste are very nice. We usually get the small fries with Cajon on the side. It's just enough for two. We will continue to eat here and at other locations for many meals to come.
Rod = A++ service and standards. Very friendly, honest, hard working, and diligent. My pool motor went out while my husband was away and he quickly ordered the part and had it fixed in no time.
Stopped here for Buffalo chicken salad on my way to school. It was awesome! I was so hungry I asked for large, but it was way too big : ) I could only eat half. Looking forward to be back and try other items on the menu. Great service!
The husband and I stopped in here last night for some drinks before grocery shopping. It was a good time. When we arrived at 4pm, it was really dead. We were pretty much the only ones in there. But they let us know right away that we were just in time for happy hour (woohoo!). So we each ordered a drink (he had a beer and then a specialty coffee, I had 3 spiked arnold palmers). The drinks were fantastic! Our waitress was also the bartender, which was cool. We also ordered a couple soft pretzels to start us off. OMG they were good! Super soft with 2 different delicious dipping sauces. Soooo good. Then, we ordered a veggie burger on a pretzel bun and split it. It was big, the waitress put it on two plates for us, we didn't even ask! Super sweet of her. It comes with ketchup and two other sauces. I think one was a cucumber sauce, and the other was just delicious. I have no idea what it is. We hung out and people watched for a few hours. There was some good people watching to be had. The place was pretty mellow, and right down the street from our house. I'm hesitant to put more great details because I really like this place and don't want it to blow up. lol But I will say, we will definitely be going again.
I can see that this place has been reviewed many times, I'll just add that it was great on a Saturday, plenty of parking because it's in a shopping center, very clean and shiny, cool patio. I had the veggie omelet, BEST roasted potatoes in town! very friendly service from Hailey at the bar.
I've never had a negative experience, from the food to the laid back ambiance, friendly staff and deliciously crafted good-- it's worth any lengthy wait for a table, which you may encounter on a Sunday morning. My personal lunch favorite is the gladiator burger. The red chile cheese sauce is mouth watering. P.s., ask for Haley-- she's the greatest!
This is another great addition to places to hangout in downtown phoenix. The owners are super nice and the space is great. Lots of excellent beer on tap and the food is really good. The even have a few Vegan options and they are very yummy.
traveling to a city, you never know what someone elses idea of "great local restaurant" is - this was "excellent" - I am not a beer expert, but everyone else in our party was. They loved the broad selection of styles and brands to try. The food was awesome - our party was divided - half got burgers, half got pizza and everyone loved their selection. When we got there they said it would be 30 minute wait, but 5 minutes later we were seated outside, enjoying the balmy weather of Phoenix. Enjoy the brews, enjoy the food!
sometimes i wished we lived in dowtown phx. there are just blocks and blocks and blocks of cool eateries and bars and people. such was last night on our night out to visit some friends for drinks at Angels trumpet. the interior space is beautiful...a mix of exposed construction with clean wall tiles and accessories. there as an enormous patio but don't know if they allow dogs. parking tonight was tricky because it was also first friday and we were told not to park in the dirt lot behind the bar or we'd get a ticket, so we found a close street spot. our service was excellently friendly and prompt and kept the water glasses filled. but of course the draw here is beer. OMG the beer! and great beer.....a wall of taps of the nectar of the gods. the pints are reasonably priced and you can do a flight of 6 of any of their beers, even the expensive ones! from 9% to 3% alcohol content, heavy stouts to light lagers and everything in between, you are bound to find an option of beer that suits you here...only problem is, you may get wasted in your efforts to find your favorite! the food was pretty good...a small selection since the focus is beer but my fish tacos were excellent and my wife raved about her arugula salad. what a great find!
This was our second visit there and I'm glad we went back. The first time we went there they were serving brunch and I believe they no longer do that. Which I am glad to see - they brunch dishes weren't that great. This time we were there about the same time - between 12 noon and 12:30 - on a Sunday and not busy at all. We had a great server who was easily able to recommend one of the 20+ ales on tap. I had the Nitro Milk Stout and I cannot remember what he had, but it was similar to a Newcastle Ale which is what he wanted. We both had one of the flatbread pizzas (Garden and Meat) - very good and enough for a second meal. We also shared the "pop tart" dessert - very good and highly recommend. This place had a lot of locals because of all the bicycles coming in and a very interesting menu - we are definitely planning to return when we go to the symphony. This past visit was ate there prior to going to FilmBar - i.e., this brew pub has a pretty good location..... 3/3/13
Well I'm a chile relleno eatin' motherf***r, motherf***r! And let me tell you, I've eaten a LOT of 'em at a LOT of different places and have had some that were a bit lack luster (i.e. Chino Bandido's Cheez-Its crusted awkward chile relleno) and a lot that were as delicious as I thought (at the time) they could come. Tonight I had Chef Brian's chile relleno "TV Dinner" at Angels Trumpet that officially takes the cake as the BEST chile relleno I've ever had. No joke. So good, in fact, that once I'm finished, I should pay my cheque, walk straight into the kitchen and shoot the cook. Why? Because this chile relleno was so good that I fear it is upsetting the balance of the universe and that's what I do; I restore balance to this universe. Although it was Mexican to eat, I was in the mood for a Belgian and after a long process of consideration, ended up taking my server, Brendan's, suggestion and ordered the Affligem Brouwerij, a Belgian Tripel. This ended up being a PERFECT suggestion for both my beer mood and pairing with the delicious food. I have never been disappointed with Angels Trumpet and will continue to go there until my level of satisfaction is severly compromised. I assume that will be approximately never.
Stumbled upon this place when looking for something somewhat near the Airport. Food was amazing and not your usual run of the mill menu. I'd recommend the Casper pizza. Beer selection is incredible too. Great outside seating area with a cool hipster vibe. I'd eat here whenever I am in this area.
Brilliant selection of beers that are always revolving and interesting. Cool menu choices as well and always has a good vibe. Can get very busy but we always seem to get served in a reasonable time. If you are into craft beers, then ATAH should be on your list to try.
My husband is the craft beer lover of the two of us, however, we both loved this place. The staff was very knowledgeable and helpful. Drinks were great, good was yummy (and very unique), the atmosphere was very modern-seemed like the place to be if you frequent the area.
The food was delicious. I had the ribeye which I cut with my fork. My server Donna was terrific. A must place to eat in Phoenix.
Pita Jungle was packed, so we ducked in here to try it out. This place is good! The salsas were great and provided a nice variety. Salmon tacos had that nice crispy edge that hardly anyone seems to be able to get right when it comes to fish.
This place is awesome! I was in the area for an interview and arrived a little earlier than I expected. I found Eighth Day Coffee & Culture was nearby and ventured in after quickly checking the Yelp reviews...not to be disappointed! The service was super friendly. I ordered a hot cocoa and a fruit cheese pastry - both were awesome (much better than any chain...hands down). Prices were competitive for similar types of shops. I sat at a cozy table and enjoyed the relaxing vibe, great artwork and free wifi. There is a lot of space for patrons to spread out - if you want an intimate feel or a place to meet up with a group, this is the place. Parking around this part of town is sparse - I wasn't sure where I was going to park to get to my interview. The friendly folks at Eighth Day offered to let me stay parked in their lot. I can't say enough good things about this place. When I am in the area, I will definitely return. Check this place out - you won't be disappointed!
My first impression of this restaurant was not so great but by the end we left happy. I ordered the nachos and the cheese quesadilla which were a huge disappointment. The nachos were made with gross cheese sauce rather than actual cheese and the quesadilla was just not satisfying. Our waiter asked how the food was and we told the truth and he was so accommodating and switched out our food right away. We got the chicken tortilla soup and it was SO much better! He came back to make sure we were happy this time around. He even removed all of the food from the bill. What Great service!! Great margaritas! Will come back again
I take this train almost weekly, and talk about punctual! The driver is a machine, NEVER a minute late!
Our A/C went out yesterday evening and when I called I was shocked a live person answered the phone at 8pm. Greg came out within an hour of calling and had my A/C fixed in no time and for a fair price. Thank you for the great service and please give Greg my thanks
What's not to like? This place starts out with a huge glass of sweet tea, or lemonade that comes with refills sure to rehydrate anyone who is thirsty...then add in a combo of a sandwich and salad or baked potato with amazing toppings and finish it off with a slice of carrot cake. Amazing. Now the real reason I love this place...there is a sandwich here that will knock your socks off...try the Cobb club sandwich. It is seriously amazing. I eat it all the time and recommend it wholeheartedly!
I tried to fix our Kitchen Aid dryer to no avail. I called yesterday afternoon and Brett was able to fit me in the next morning. He called me when he was on his way and had our dryer fixed in about a half an hour. He even asked if he could borrow the vacuum we had in the laundry room to go ahead and clean up the back of dryer and get rid of some built up lint! And told me he left all the loose change there for us! WHAAA? He asked to clean and then left us money we didn't even know about?! Amazing. Highly recommend Appliance Works, they were great.
I loved this place and was so sorry to see them close! I don't know where the went or if they even re-opened somewhere, but the selection of handcrafted oils and vinegars was stunning.
Shamus is great! He's super knowledgable and took the time to teach us a ton of stuff. He's also way cheaper than the big box stores. Thanks Shamus!!
Hands down, the best pizza in the East Valley!!!! Tastes like I'm back in New York City, that's how good the pizza is! They do all sorts of combinations and toppings. Mmmm mmmm good. The hero sandwiches and wings are good too. Located in a strip mall next to AMC movie theaters, it's a great place to go before or after the movies. And they deliver, too. Much better quality than chain pizzerias.
Went in last weekend and tried the club. It was pretty cheap and for such a small sandwich, they packed on the meat and toppings. I honestly felt more full than I do when I get a footlong at a place like Subway. Also, the food is way better here and the staff was very nice and helpful since I didn't know what I was doing. I've been wanting to go back but unfortunately, there aren't any locations near my apartment. Will definitely go back here again.
Favorite place to watch the game while at chase field. Right next to a bunch of TVs and a full bar with a great view. Air conditioned and you have a lot more room to relax
Definitely will be back - would love to do a happy hour and dinner. Came for lunch, great space, service & food. Server made great suggestions - all stellar! Started with grilled artichokes (huge & great wood fired taste) and tuna tartare. Shared burrata salad (fab flavor & texture) and the scallop risotto (a mind blower). Want to do it all over again but with a cocktail first and big glass of wine with it - only way it could get better.
What a great happy hour (ok, they prefer to call it "social hour") experience! Good selection of wines divvied up into different price points between 5 and 10 bucks a glass. Wells for 4. A selection of small plates that are really quite impressive. Service and atmosphere are top-notch. The feeling inside is bright, airy, and open. New destination. You come too!
Amazing food, service, ambiance, as well as gluten free knowledge and options. Highly recommend! I will likely become a regular!
Wow. What an experience! Brittani and Brandon were wonderfully gracious. They recently changed the dinner menu over the past week. So if you tried it before, didn't like it and want something different - then you must GO and try their newer options. They still have items like Oysters, but they amped up their dinner menu. The cheese boards as appetizers are delish. She had the wedge salad, I had the Caesars which were both so overwhelmingly tasty. For dinner she had the Filet with the Foie Gras. I opted for a seafood black linguini pasta. For dessert we shared a key lime pie. We had no complaints. Everything was perfect and absolutely over the top delicious. If you are looking for a great restaurant, with awesome food and ambiance - then this is the place. Rumor has it they are opening up a Thai/Mexican themed restaurant elsewhere and we can't wait to find that gem too!
We love this store for our soccer needs. The owner and staff are all extremely helpful and I love the fact that they have everything we need and we don't have to go anywhere else. Thanks Soccerloco
Plumbers are like mechanics -- you just never know what you're going to get or expect or have much a clue what they're talking about. I want to STRESS the importance that I'm as frugal as they come and read people very well. After receiving six quotes, three of the plumbers didn't bother looking at my issue (drain was leaking downstairs into my living room) and charged me an astronomical amount). Dave is a young, polite and professional plumber, his father, owns and runs the company. It's obvious to me he's been trained really well and on how to treat potential and ongoing customers. He came to give me a FREE estimate, checked out the issue and gave me the problem and explained it to me. $250 less than any other quote and a fantastic job. Well done, Dave. I'll recommend you to anyone else. Cheers. Thank you, Jonathan
Britni was great! Friendly, quick and the exact style I wanted. I'll definitely be back!
Dr Eric Zeidman and his MA Cammie are tops. The front desk, especially John are fine...sometimes a bit rushed when all docs are in house. Parking is abysmal.
This Five Guys is very good! Clean restaurant (except for the peanuts), good service. I always order the cheese dog and it is always delicious! It would be nice if Five Guys was less expensive but the food is AWESOME!
Great salon! I went in to get my first haircut after having my baby. I needed something easy that I could maintain with little effort. April helped me pick the perfect cut! I'm really happy with the way it looks!
Kenta is simply amazing The first time I got my massage from him, I awoke the next day with no pain - a first for me in 10 years. I have severe back issues and he is helping me more than anyone has and that includes doctors. I can't say enough about him and have recommended him to many others. He knows the body- he knows how to get you healthy and to rid of the pain. He is a keeper!
I normally get a relaxation massage and decided to try a deep tissue for the first time. Holly, who has been a client of his since he opened, referred me to Oneself Therapy. When I arrived, Kenta made me feel welcomed and at ease. He was thorough in asking about my problem areas to be targeted and treated. This being my first deep tissue massage, Kenta asked about my comfort level through out the massage. I felt rejuvenated and tension free at the end of my session. Afterwards, he sat down with me and discussed a treatment plan that would work for me. I became a oneself member that day, this was a birthday gift to myself!
Vegan option: Ask for a veggie sandwich with artichokes, roasted red peppers, mushrooms, and spinach!!
Love this location!! they are fast and the food is always good.They also take great care of there customers!!!
Stop in for lunch on a quiet Saturday. Initially, we hesitated to do so b/c Yelp reviews for this place was slim. We ordered the Greek salad, Tostada Pizza, and Penne with red sauce. Greek Salad and thin crust pizza were both very good and flavorful. We enjoyed the generous portion of mozzarella in the penne. With flavorful food and generous portions, Sano was definitely a great find for us. It was also a pleasant surprise to receive a 25% discount on our total bill. With the on-going 25% discount, this is a great time to viva Sano a try.
I used Jehnuine Designs for my branding and website needs. As a new small business owner, I had to find someone who saw my vision. I was given the advice from a friend to use this up and coming designer and I am so glad I did. My logo and blog are designed just to my liking. Her prices were competitive and she went above and beyond to see the project through. I even texted her a picture of what was in my head! That dedication and commitment is hard to come by and I felt like family. Jehn is an awesome person and an awesome designer. See what she did for me at www.mishapsandmesses.com
I have used Tina for years starting when she was associated with Shea Animal Hospital. She has groomed my cat and does a great job! Tina definitely knows her stuff and listens to us to make sure the grooming is done correctly to our satisfaction. If you are looking for a quality groomer, you will not be disappointed with Tina.
OMG!!!! I haven't had sweet potatoes like these EVER. Best meal I've had in a long time. Greens, chicken, cornbread, were so good but the sweet potatoes took the cake! Phenomenal! IF you enjoy soul food and you have yet to eat at Ezekiel's aka Zeke's then you need to go tomorrow!
If you are in the area, craving some Chinese food, stop here. That's it, this is by far some of the best Chinese food I have had in Arizona. If that does not get you motivated wait till you see the prices.... The lunch specials are priced at $4.55 for a combo plate and $5.55 for the shrimp combo plates. With 20 different combos I am sure you will find something you like. A soda will set you back $1.25 or go for 1 can of soda for .85 cents. Hot tea and water was my choice. The Restaurant just opened last month so it still needs some work....Some empty fish tanks, needs some ceiling pieces replaced, but it really is a great place for authentic fast food Chinese. I wish this place was closer to my home since they offer delivery. Yes you have to spend over $12.00 for delivery, but that would be easy for dinner or an office ordering lunch. If you are craving dinner and are on a budget you can still eat here. Not one plate on the menu is over $8.00! I think I ordered enough to feed a family 2 nights in a row, plus lunch for work and for about $30. OK so if price does not entice you the fresh food and delicious entrees will. We ordered several different dishes and I cannot complain about any of them. We loved the lo mein, beef egg foo young, Mongolian beef, fried rice, and cashew shrimp. They gave us plenty of crab puffs for free as well plus a large container of white rice. I generally am not a fan of the crab puffs, but the cream cheese was fresh and the fried puff seemed to be light and crispy. If you are on a diet or really watching your calorie intake they even have lo cal entrees on the menu, not the norm at a Chinese Restaurant. Chicken, shrimp, or a vegetable plate for you serious calorie number watchers. My family and I all loved the food here. I hope you will give them an opportunity to earn your business. The price for food is excellent and what shocked me more is the food is excellent. Based on Max's review I gave it a shot and now my whole family is thanking me for a new found place to eat. Thanks Max A.
Bulwark Moving Company is amazing. They truly are moving experts! They are trustworthy, honest men with very reasonable prices. They are very friendly and professional and don't let anything get damaged in the move (that's a big deal). I am telling all my friends to use Bulwark Moving!!
5 stars all around. Bulwark are terrific movers. Having used probably 6 moving companies over the last 20 years, Bulwark is by far the best I've experienced. They were on time, even a bit early. They worked hard and fast, make sure to take great care of your items, and quickly unloaded as well. Even vacuumed my place after finishing. Friendly guys, and ask where you want everything placed. Don't look any further, you've found the movers you should hire.
Wow- was not expecting to find such a great place to eat while waiting out my 4 hour connection! The food was fresh and exceeded my expectations. Definitely worth the additional trip through security. Fantastic roasted tomato soup.
I was meeting a friend for lunch on her layover and we chose this spot to catch up in a relaxing setting. It was just that. We talked for awhile and finally ordered. Thanks for great service and letting us chill there for awhile. To us, the time was going by too fast! We even outlasted our server and had other well mannered servers complete the end of the experience. Thanks Dawn and Dawn. I had never been to this chain before, but I loved the food and there were other things I wanted to try on the menu. I heard the French dip is awesome. So that'll have me coming back! I live in town so it was interesting trying to get into the airport, but in the process I got to use the new SkyTrain, which was cool. Lucky for me, I don't have to go to the airport the next time I want to dine at Chelsea's Kitchen. I appreciate the local Phoenix culinary influence in the airport, but it's also nice to know I don't always need to worry about airport antics if I'm not traveling.
Yep, 5 stars at an airport bar/restaurant. It was an unexpected find in our hunt for a Bloody Mary. The place was inviting in its decor and the bartender was pleasant and attentive. When she put down the menus I thought I would take a look though I wasn't hungry. The menu featured fun and interesting house cocktails including white sangria. I was torn but stuck with the plan for a bloody and I wasn't disappointed. The food options were also a welcomed surprise compared to the usual turkey sandwiches you would expect at an airport. We decided on the shrimp ceviche and it was awesome -fresh fish, crispy chips, avocado. This is a huge step above the norm and think it's a must when traveling through the Phoenix airport.
O B S E S S E D Terminal D. Go out of your way to eat here when you are in the airport. My personal favorite: kale and quinoa salad. It is adorned with parmesean cheese, grapes, sunflower seeds and lemon zest. The dressing perfectly compliments this grouping and always leaves me satisfied! The fruit tarts are amazing- no jellies, just fruit and an amazing pastry crust! And something I NEVER would have tried, but they sampled one day: the gluten free walnut, chocolate chip cookie! It is almost gooey in the center with a brownie-like taste. It is just amazing! The pizzas are also fantastic and the veggie burger goes a long way when I have a few extra minutes to wait for them to make me something or I'm feeling like veggin' out. All I know is that I don't miss getting something from here when I am in this airport and you will thank me for this!
Any time we need a connecting flight to the West Coast, I'm picking Phoenix. Because this place has the best gluten free pizza I've ever had. They need to patent their recipe and sell it to all the other restaurants that are trying to make GF pizza. DH says his regular pizza was darned good too. Be warned, the GF pizza takes a while. It is not something you can order and get while your airplane is boarding!
Excited to have this local gem in the airport. No secret it has some ah-mazing food/beverages. Only issue is it's not so easy to see where the line forms to order and it bottle necks and results in several "are you next" questions to be asked to all the other patrons standing around you. Hope they can work on signage to streamline the issue. Glad to see LGO in the airport where it will gain stong visibility.
I am pretty sure I am exclusively clothes shopping here from now on. Such a nice atmosphere with super low prices on Nordstrom brands. I just love the quality and style of the clothes and shoes. The place is brand new, super nice, and as others have said, very organized, right down to the clearance racks.
Billy has always been awesome to work with and works around our busy schedule. Its important to find a great mechanic when moving to a new city and these guys are it. They have never overcharged me or tried to sell me something I didn't need. The guys at Fayad always take great care of us and our cars.We take the problem-prone Range Rover (POS) there and saved hundreds less than the dealership. Not saying the RR is cured of its demons, but it is running. :) These guys fix everything from a Ford to a $150k BMW. They are knowledgeable in just about every car. Give them a shot, they will not disappoint!
My husband suggested going here for lunch today as he's a sandwich lover and we hadn't tried Zookz yet. I really wasn't expecting much as sandwiches are typically pretty straight forward. We walked up to order and I saw they had breakfast sandwiches, I asked if they sold breakfast all day since an egg sandwich sounded really good. They said that they usually only serve breakfast in the morning, but will check to see if they would do it for me anyway, I said "No prob, I'll just order from the lunch menu." as I didn't want to be a pain. They checked with the kitchen anyway and said it would be no problem to make a breakfast sandwich. I asked for mine with no parmesan as I can't eat cow's milk. The chef then came out and asked if I would like anything else in replacement, I told her I couldn't eat cow's milk dairy, so she then offered to give me goat cheese instead. How cool is that? I try not to be a pain with my dietary issues, but they went above and beyond with their service and to accommodate me. As for the food; my sandwich was really tasty, eggs were cooked right with fresh spinach and tomatoes, and the bread was nice and crusty, and it had extra goodness due to the added goat cheese. My husband had the turkey avocado, I tried a bite and it was equally as good as my sandwich. The sweet mustard dressing was a really good addition. His also came with a kale salad which was as good as the sandwiches. I would highly recommend Zookz and will definitely be back!
5 stars just cause i got a free sandwich for waiting too long. lol i'm a lazy writer but i had a good time so five stars.
The best and unique sandwich place ever!!!! Always have cravings for the egg sandwich and a nutella desert one!!!!
I highly recommend Zooks. I drove by Zooks for months always wanting to try it and now I regret waiting so long! The staff was excellent and gave us some great recommendations since it was our first time. I had the Turkey, bacon, avocado (sorry, I can't remember the number!) and my boyfriend had the #22 breakfast sandwich. Both were delicious. I wish we would have split our sandwiches instead of both eating our own! For sides, we had the potato salad and garbanzo bean salad, both were great. They had a slight lemon zest flavor which was a nice touch. The owner stopped by to check on us and she was very friendly. The lack of parking doesn't bother me because we walked from my apartment and it is walking distance from the light rail. Overall, we will be returning and recommending Zooks!
I've drove by zooks several times and always wanted to go in. Today I finally did and I'm glad I did I had to very picky teenagers with me so not trying zooks before I was a little worried. As we walked in we were greeted by a nice guy behind the counter who explained the zook menu I ordered the #20 and my kids customized their sandwiches they got chips and I got kale salad. We got our drinks and sat down shortly our sandwiches were delivered and they were great pot pie like sandwiches, my picky kids loved them everything at zooks was great we're going back soon!
Amazing. Another local Phoenix gem. I'll try my best to use words to describe why these sandwiches are brilliant. They are pocket sandwiches cooked up superbly. The fillings are sliced delicately thin and diced just right. The fillings are tenderly nestled between two circular pieces of bread, and the whole thing is cooked so that the bread is toasty brown and the fillings are warm and juicy. The whole thing adds up to a party in your mouth. It's almost like a gourmet grilled cheese, but way more amaze-balls. I had the #20, turkey, bacon, avocado with some amazing magical sauce in it. You get a small salad with any sandwich. I had the kale, nut, mandarin orange salad. As if the sandwich wasn't amazing enough, the salad put me over the edge. On my second visit, I had the roast beef cheddar bacon (#35). Yum yum yum yum yum. The service is great and the place is very cute. I highly recommend Zookz for lunch.
Best red curry chicken ever! The staff was nice and service was quick, def coming back again!
The best thai food in phoenix. I have ordered the eggplant dish, pad thai, lemon sole, and all three dishes have been delicious every time. The service has been fast and friendly every time. They do little cute things like making a rose bud out of the top of the straw wrapper and flowers/swans (not sure what they are) out of the napkins. I highly recommend this place just because of the food itself and rest is just topping on the cake.
They arrived as scheduled. My BBQ had not been cleaned in three years. I use it 4-5 days aweek. My point is, the BBQ was extremely dirty with caked on grease on the burners and porcelin grills (3). The automated lighting did not work on any of the burners. The end result was that the Grill was like new! Everything worked. I would definitly hire them again.
Pool guys appear to be a dime a dozen in the Valley. I've used a handful over the years and I thought they were all ok, but not professional at all. Diamondback Pools is like having your "Pool Guy" backed by a real company. They actually leave you messages when they service you. Was that so hard? And they don't have to sub out repairs to other companies that also suck. Plus you don't have strangers walking though your property. Diamondback Pools is great.
Great place the best malts, shakes, phosphates and egg creams in town!!!!
Best Hawaiian shave ice in the valley, Kevin(owner) is very nice and is passionate about the product that he provides. I highly recommend honeymoon flavor for the shave ice, and it is a MUST to have it with ice cream and the snowcap on top to finish!
We just ate at this new uptown restaurant tonight. It was great. We sat at the pizza bar. We were entertained by the busy pizza dough flippers. The Big Star pizza we ordered was delicious! We will definitely go back. All the other food coming out of the oven looked yummy too. Can not wait to try more. Great ambiance!
This is my new favorite dinner spot! Awesome decor and atmosphere. Funky music and lively mood. Very well informed waiters. They were all willing to answer questions and take our order when we were ready. To quote my fav waiter, Jet: the food is "magic in your mouth" and he isn't exaggerating. The Big Star pizza and the veggie platter were delicious. They're not messing around in their kitchen.
There's just something about this whole part of town I enjoy. I haven't had any food in the area that I haven't liked yet. I was invited here by some friends and was blown away by the choices. The crust was perfect, the service was quick and their beer selection, while small, was great. I look forward to many more visits in the future.
From the moment you walk in to the moment you finish your last delicious bite, Federal Pizza is a fun and awesome place to be. The introductions are hilarious, the waitstaff balances courteous service with hilarious interjections, and the food is delicious. I like the variety of pizzas, and the environment is friendly and clean. Really under-emphasized when reading lists of places to eat on Central. Take some friends and check it out! If you park in the back, you'll be next to the bakery and can get a cookie on your way out.
Finally got to go here and I was not disappointed! We went last night, a Friday night, around 6:30 and didn't have to wait too long. There was a cocktail server that brought us drinks within a few minutes Waiting gave us time to look over the menu as well. There were three of us and we decided to do an appetizer and two pizzas. For our app we got the burrata, recommended by our server. It was good, nothing amazing, but good. It was a little bland for me, so I added the basil garnish which gave it a little something of what it was lacking. And for pizzas we got the Big Star and the Chef's Whim. Both were absolutely amazing and I don't think I could pick a favorite. The Big Star has Schreiner's sausage, Molinari pepperoni, red and yellow bell peppers, mushrooms, olives, and wood roasted onions. Everything on the pizza was great, even the olives were tolerable and I hate olives. Probably some of the best pepperoni I have ever had. The Chef's Whim that night had sauteed shrimp, sweet yellow corn, asparagus, peppers (some kind of small, sweet red peppers), lemon zest, cheese blend and instead of red sauce it was a roasted garlic sauce. I was surprised at how amazing this pizza was! I'm not sure what people are talking about when they say bad service because our service was on point. Our beer and wine came out within a couple minutes during our entire meal. Our waters were topped off by at least four servers, plates were cleared right after finishing, and box and check came out right after we asked. We had an awesome experience and we will definitely be going back soon! We will also be taking advantage of their drive thru option :)
Really loved this place the atmosphere along with the food. We ordered the veggie sandwich and I was blown away with how good it was. The only downside of this evening was the parking.
Its got a cool casual feel to it..I love the "Shorty" beer glasses they have.Must have for trying on different beers. The warm donuts with the hot chocolate sauce is a sinful delight that is hard to resist.
Vegetarian Pizza pizza pizza pizza Donut with chocolate dip x1000000 The server was slow, but the food made up for. Haha.
Hands down best pizza I've ever eaten! Placed an order for the drive thru (which is an awesome feature!) and they forgot my desert but made me one at no charge for the error. Fantastic customer service. I live kinda far so it wasn't warm when I got home but still so amazing, I bet hot it's even better if that's possible! I got half Casanova and half sweet potato with prosciutto added mmmmmmm mmmmm I ate the whole thing surprisingly lol I also got the bombolini for desert since the guy said the ice cream for the cobbler would probably be melted by the time I got home ... It was ok, definitely trying another desert next time. This is my new favorite pizza place.... The boyfriend n I will be headed here on our next date night :)
No need to add to the raves about the food, but I wanted to speak up about the great service we got last night at Federal. It was a Friday night and we had reservations for 5 people at 7pm. We only had one of our party there by 7, and they seated him without giving him any pushback about needing the whole party there. Three more of us arrived by 7:30,and the last person was there by 8. Not once did anyone give us trouble about monopolozing a table, and they even let the last person order her pizza when she arrived. The dinner was a going-away celebration for a very good friend who has had a very rough time lately, and it was a much-needed send-off for all of us. Thanks, FP, for recognizing that we are going to spend money at your establishment even if we're a little late. Sometimes planes don't arrive on time, trucks don't get packed as quickly as we intend, and emotions run high when you're picking up your life and moving across the country. Thanks for helping us relax at the end of a hard day.
One of the best dinning and takeout options in uptown. Federal Pizza has a beautiful interior and patio. Unsurprisingly the menu is mostly pizza but they also offer some variety in the form of pastas, sandwiches and salads. Dining in is a great experience and the take out is quick and just as delicious. I prefer dining in because they have a great happy hour special. The Big Star pizza is a must try for anyone who looking for something completely unique. It is my favorite menu item complete with all the veggies and meats one could ask for. Perfection! I have also had the Manifesto and Casanova. Both of which were also very good. As far as appetizers the green olives and the avocado are also great choices.
I believe that a great experience is often times the occurrence of many chance happenings. Federal Pizza is what I like to call urban hipster style! Everyone I seen was attractive lol looked like an urban outfitters catalog I loved it. The staff was pleasant mostly women, very knowledgable funny & have up great recommendations. I ate during happy hour & the beer/wine is only $5 dollars everyday! & served in ridiculous sized mugs. It was grand. The pizza was good too similar to that of LGO but slightly better. Let's not forget the atmosphere; valet parking amazing pandora or spotify radio stations. I heard my jams throughout my meal. A well spent afternoon.
I've been to Federal Pizza twice now. The first time was a great experience, I went with a group of 6 friends for dinner on a Saturday night. It was pretty busy, but we were seated reasonably quickly. We shared a few pizzas and pitchers and everyone had a great time. My second visit, a few weeks ago, is what made me want to write this review. This time it was just my boyfriend and myself for dinner on a week night. I ordered the veggie lasagna. It wasn't an unusual amount of time before our food came out, and everything looked and tasted spectacular. The manager came to our table to ask how everything was, and apologized for what he said was a long wait for our food. He told us that they make a point to get the food out within a specific time frame. The lasagna is a new menu item, and because it is thick, he said they were still working on getting it out within their goal time. He told us that he would take the lasagna off of our bill. We were so impressed that he went above and beyond to fix something that we didn't even think was a problem. The service and food are great, and the whole place looks amazing. We look forward to returning again and again.
I dropped my iPhone 4S and the screen shattered. I took it here and they fixed it within 2 hours for $86--exactly as they quoted me. If I shatter my screen again, I would go back.
Service is as stated, very friendly but not tripping over them selfs to take care of their clients. Food is amazing, eating here is always a treat, the flavor is unique and quality. I would recommend for anyone, and as stated, the service, while on the slow side, is very pleasant and seem eager to help you as best they can. Maybe a little shy due to lacing English skills?
Ok! Good burger places are a dime a dozen but this place rocks! The burgers are fresh ground, hand made, fries are amazing! Had the Swiss mushroom burger and chili cheese fries! Really good! Love the atmosphere, sat on the porch at a picnic table. Tables are also inside. Great service! We'll be back! Good job Jimmy G's. Live long and prosper!
Awesome experience.... my youngest son had an accident while hiking and was getting stitched up at the hospital around the corner. It was past lunch time and my older son and I were starving but also had our dog. Found Jimmy G's on yelp and with a coupon decided to give it a try. Upon arriving it was the perfect casual spot to hang out and kill time with the dog. Nice porch with picnic tables to eat at which were perfect for a messy 3 yr old and pup. Ford was excellent burgers were juicy and fries hot and crispy. Only food that wasn't great was a Togo Greek salad I got for my wife (not nearly enough dressing). What really earned this place 5 stars though was the service, the gentleman I'm assuming was the owner or at least manager was tremendous. He didn't know our situation but was interactive with my 3 yr old and enticed him to finish his burger with free ice cream (it worked). The nice lady working also brought a bowl of water for our dog. Big thanks to Jimmy G's for assisting us on a tough day with good food and hospitality. If I ever find myself back in that neighborhood I will defiantly be stopping.
For me, Sandra Dees exemplifies the true essence of a small business / food truck. She is not trying to be anyone she is not, her food is genuine, and she takes pride in making sure her product is top notch. Had the shrimp which was seasoned to perfection and cooked perfectly. It came with a little ramekin of some delicious sauce I would drink on its own. Keep up the good work!!
The very best toasted sandwich I have ever had in my life. AMAZING and the price was right too. It was only $5. Get up right now and go there...
Fresh enchiladas prepared before your very eyes! Warm, soft, tasty tortillas and bith traditional and unusual fillings and toppings, all very tasty. We haven't found anything we don't like here. It's a "fast food" model, but very comfortable. Great prices. Easy parking.
I ate there yesterday and I think they have fixed the problems other users had below. The menu is simple and they explained it to me as soon as I got there. It's basically tacos, enchilades and soup. I didn't try the soup. You have a choice of made to order corn or flour tortillas. Then they fill it with choice of fillings. I highly recommend the shortrib but the green chile chicken was very good too. Then you choose toppings like picked onions, pico de gallo, enchilada sauce, crema & cheeses. Everything is really fresh and delicious. I also tried the guac which was fantastic. The entrees are less than $7, so you can actually eat lunch for under $10, which is great. The concept seems similar to, but a step above, Chipotle. In fact, I liked it so much that I was craving it and actually went back again today. The employees both days were very helpful and asked if I'd had a good experience. Frankly, it was an excellent lunch and I have no complaints. I will go there often. If you had a bad experience, I think it is worth a second chance!
I didn't know what to expect, went in with an open mind, and I was pleasantly surprised. The meats are cooked extremely well, you can choose what else you want with your dish, the staff are very patient and very informative, they really know what and how the items are executed. It is clean and a true great experience with a very reasonable price. A great place!! Definitely will come back....
My new favorite spot for quick mexican food! I have always had a hankerin' for enchiladas, and these WILL NOT DISAPPOINT. On my first go I got 1 each of chicken, short ribs, and a pork carnitas. Man they where good, not even good but exceptionally great. If you want a quality meal in under 5 minutes check this place out! Try the pickled onions, might sound kinda gross but they work sooooo well IMO!
We enjoyed a great lunch there yesterday on their patio. Ordering was difficult with the menu boards over your head but the staff was a great help with the dozens of options. The food was full of flavor, filling and reasonably priced.
What a great concept and place to eat! It was our first time visiting Gadzooks and didn't know what to expect. We were greeted by Jessica who was so friendly and walked us through the entire process. All of the staff there were so nice, helpful and friendly that I will be back because of their great service and good food! Even the other customers were so nice, giving us advise on what to get! We sampled many sauces and toppings! We can't wait to visit again and try new combinations!
Soooo freaking great! Think chipotle, you choose an enchilada, taco, chopped salad or tortilla soup, add the homemade INCREDIBLE meat and extras and boom you've got an iron chefs version of chipotle for close to the same price! And the grapefruit margarita was unreal!!
OMG. I hate reviews that start that way but it's the best I can do this place is awesome think of chipotle in its early years. Fresh food great flavors and good prices. Staff is friendly and very helpful in talking you through the process will be coming back for more
Today I had the opportunity to experience a fabulous facial by Donna Feldman. This is a top notch treatment room. I also received eyelash extensions by Alex. I have never had them before and they feel so natural. It was very relaxing experience. After my facial they offered a complimentary make up application. So I was able to go one with the rest of my day. I highly recommend this place.
Coming off my fifth 12-hour overnight shift in a row, all I wanted was to crawl into my warm bed and play coma patient for a few days. But the amazing Ashley S. somehow snagged us tickets for the Justin Timberlake/Jay-Z concert in LA, so sleep would have to wait! Bleary-eyed, I somehow made it through security and stumbled onto Cartel Coffee Lab in the Southwest terminal next to gate C13. The lime green countertop, smiling baristas, and aroma of freshly roasted coffee beans perked me up right away. My iced vanilla latte ($5.25) was incredibly smooth, rich and not too sweet, just the way I like it. The prices are pretty comparable to Starbucks, but I'd gladly pay an extra dollar or two for a better blend. Starbucks coffee always tastes a little burnt to me, and they typically overdo it on the syrups. Other than Cartel, you might want to check out the airport locations for other favorite local haunts, including Le Grande Orange (to-die-for sourdough english muffins) and Cowboy Ciao (OMG that chopped salad). Kudos to Phoenix Sky Harbor for supporting the local establishments! :)
Great cappuccino! If you end up in terminal 4 in gates C11-C20 definitely stop by! The staff is great and you even get a real barista steamed milk foam leaf on top of your drink. I wish these places would skip the Splenda and start carrying some stevia sweetener, but the sugar in the raw gets the job done.
Love, love, love this place ! Great prices and customer service. Amazing haircuts for men, women, and children. And they offer eyebrow threading and waxing! Superior service all the way around. Best salon I have been to! I won't go anywhere else.
One of my absolute favorite spots, located in a great part of phoenix, the yard/culinary dropout was once a Indian motorcycle dealership and a motorcycle mechanic shop is a local landmark in my eyes. From a 1.95 paper bag special to ma..meatloaf!?! This place has it all and the place to get away from the usual Applebee's and chilis. Plus free valet, come on and get off your butt and try the yard/culinary dropout. The Moscow mules are amazing, just make sure it's given to you in the copper mugs. The pretzel balls are a must purchase anytime you visit, and what more could I say, this place just has it all and should be on a must visit list for all who come to Phoenix.
Love of my life. I can always count on this place for a great meal, great atmosphere, and the best service. I love every minute of being here.
Great spot. I wish there was a place like this in LA. It's super relaxed with good food and fun games. The space itself is awesome... Like a covered tent, almost, with a trendy restaurant inside. We went on a Sunday, so I imagine that there are more people there at that time than any other day, but it'd be awesome if there were more ping pong tables and bean bag toss games. Our food was rocking too. Giant burgers, good wine, good beer. My friend got the brown bag special - $2.00 for a random canned beer. How fun is that!
I love this place! I eat there when ever I get the opportunity. Delicious and inexpensive. Can't get better than that!
Love this place amazing cheap sushi thats fresh and delish .... People that work here are so nice and friendly. ...
Want an A/C or heating repair done right? Multiple options presented to you if you need a new unit? Then I highly recommend CHA. A couple years ago we had a broken unit, another company came in (after making us wait), did not fix the problem and were surly on top of it. Then we called Cruz at CHA. He was VERY fast to respond, and was able to get us going again. It was so nice to work with someone who was professional and personable. And his prices were competitive, easily beating out the competition. In addition, when an old air conditioning unit needed replacing, Cruz provided several options, different models, prices, and explained in terms we could understand the differences between the units, energy performance, warranties, etc. It made making our decision about which unit to select so much easier. And again, everything happened fast. Price check? His quote easily beat anyone else's. He does duct replacement, and unit maintenance as well. CHA is saved in my phone, and it will be the first call I make if I have any A/C or heating unit issues in the future.
Rebecca took the most beautiful photos at my daughter's bat mitzvah. It was hard to narrow them down for an album because the photos were all wonderful! I've been using Rebecca for years as my family's photographer. She is easy to work with and always has great suggestions. My kids (3 of them) don't always cooperate yet Rebecca is still able to shoot beautiful shots. I can't say enough great things about the quality of her work!! She is a true artist behind the lens!! I can't wait for our next photo shoot!!
Rebecca shot our wedding at the Royal Palms and we found her photography to be amazing. Rebecca used the gardens as perfect backdrops for lovely settings and used the natural lighting of the evening sun excellently. She captured photos of the two of us in candid shots as well as a good variety of posed shots. We also received great photos of family and friends creating such great memories. I highly recommend Rebecca Vinacour Photography!
The Union is a great place to visit in the summertime because it is all indoors. Cute, boutique and unusual stores...fun to walk around in and explore the open storefronts. I love the Royal Coffee shop and the KAK shop inside, both earned high remarks from me. If you are looking for a creative gift, this would be the place to find it at. I personally haven't bought anything except for food inside the Union, so I can't comment on the buying experience at the locally owned stores.
Citrine beauty bar will make you feel like a super star Located inside the Union, it's a healthy sort of beauty bazaar Free from harmful chemicals, your skin will go so far! Lookin' like an famous A-List celebrity movie star Upgrade your cosmetic shelf With natural products for yourself Sweet and upbeat The staff are knowledgeable with free makeovers as their special treats "go ahead and take a seat, we'll make you feel complete" Got me lookin' finger-lickin' good (got the BF in constant wood).
awesome coffee, amazing customer service, super quick if you're on the go. everyone there is really friendly, outgoing, engaging, and genuinely happy to be working there. makes you feel alive at 6 in the morning.
Very convenient place to grab coffee in the am, staff does a good job waking me up w/ Miley Cyrus blasting through the speakers. Everyone at this location super cool.
I was first introduced to Dutch Bros. about 2 years ago, when this location was built right down the street from me. They were offering free drinks for their grand opening, so I thought I'd give them a try. I ordered the most chocolately thing on the menu (double chocolate mocha - I had mine blended), and I was hooked. I started going here 2x per week (and I gained some pounds as a result) because it was so good and so convenient. Now, about the location itself. They have one drive-through window and one walk-up window. They are not typically super busy, which is nice because I'm usually in and out within 5-10 minutes. The employees are always super-friendly - I've never had a bad experience with any of them. Unfortunately, I am not able to frequent this location as often because I moved across town, but I will stop by every once in awhile during a work break if I'm needing my Dutch Bros. fix. In addition to the great prices, excellent service, and great coffee, they also do many promotions and fundraisers. This is a great company that I hope is around for a long time!
Innerlight is awesome! Great staff, students, teachers, and parents. Feels like a second family.
Best juices anywhere. Nicest crew anywhere. Always friendly and always fast and they are always busy.
Awesome crossfit box! I dropped in during a business trip and fell in love with the ambiance and people. Highly recommend this gym!
For years I have searched for a great school for my children. I was looking for a school that employed teachers who not only acknowledged my children's strengths, but helped them strengthen their weaknesses. I was looking for a school who taught children, not just so they can pass the AIMS tests, but because a great education is an absolute priority. My children went from school to school and I did not have any luck in finding the school that I was looking for....until I found Paideia. Paideia Academy of South Phoenix is that school. Not only do I feel that Paideia does everything in their power to make sure that my children grow up to be successful and wonderful individuals, I am also made to feel as though I am a part of a family. Teachers are in constant contact with me about my children's progress. Dr. Winsor is absolutely wonderful and has a passion for what he does. I have four children that attend Paideia and next year I will have five that attend. I am, and my children are, so blessed because of Paideia. I am proud to be a member of Paideia Academy's family.
My fianc and I have been in rentals for 3+ years and contacted Tucker about purchasing a home. We weren't sure we could afford it but Tucker helped us find a lender and figure out if we could afford to buy and how much we could afford to buy. We wanted to find something and get moved in before we get married so we did not have all the time in the world. We also had to stick to a tight budget with wedding expenses adding up. Tucker was always available when we needed him, he got us into some homes the day they hit the market and he helped us find the perfect first starter home. Tucker made the process way easier than we expected it to be and we are actually saving money after buying. Tucker really knows the Scottsdale/Phoenix area that we were looking in and was great to work with. We will definitely use him again when we sell and/or buy another home.
Upon arriving and looking for a real estate agent I didnt know what to expect. I called Tucker and he was fast, willing, and able to accomodate my needs. Tucker is totally honest and makes you feel completely comfortable while doing business. I would highly recommend Tucker and will continue to work with him in the near future.
Been here a few times now and am very pleased with not only the food but the service as well ... Great food, staff and surroundings ... The table touch by the manager was a nice touch ... she was very sincere and a delight to chat with. Two thumbs up!!!
Awesome!!! I started coming here because I had a Groupon, Great job Everytime, I keep coming back:)
Great friendly service. Cage free. Cats welcome. No frills and cash only keep the costs down which is passed on to the customer. $35 for shampoo, ear cleaning, cut and nails. Great deal. I will go there again
Just had my first class with Marisa. She is also great. A very different style of teaching. She is all about the positive reinforcement. I loved it when she (tried to) say my name and tell me I was doing great for being in the orange zone so quickly. Ps everyone it's pronounced k-ear-sten not kursten...Bryan
I've lived in Phoenix for almost 10 years and always received gasps when admitting I'd never seen Zoo Lights. I went for the first time this past Sunday evening and was blown away! They do a fantastic job of converting the Phoenix Zoo into a magical, visual wonderland. The trees are lit with moving lights, many in the shapes of different animals. If you look carefully, you can even see some of the real animals too. There is music, sound effects and different interactive elements like a polar slide and camel rides! My gf and I enjoyed ourselves, but not as much as my little niece and nephews who couldn't get enough of it all. This is definitely a great experience for families and anyone who wants to try something cool and unique during the Phoenix winter season. November 22, 2012 - January 6, 2013 (6 - 10 p.m.)
How I see Arizona as a Californian.. "Oh hey, they have corn hole every where." On top of that.. - Scorching hot temperatures - Not enough quality Asian food.. :( How I see Arizona as a Californian, after visiting Snoh Ice.. - Scorching hot temperatures.. until the flooded gates of Snoh Ice opens @ 12pm - Not enough quality Asian food.. until I had my first taste of their Thai tea Snoh (MY FAVE!!!!!!) and chewy warm boba (SERIOUSLY?! IN ARIZONA?!? i expected hard, amatuer boba, but don't let their location fool YOU! SURPRISE!!!!!! DELICIOUS BOBA IS HERE!!!!!). Everything I've tried at Snoh was a hit.. Their fruit ice teas with Boba.. So goood! Thai ice tea with Boba.. SOOOOO GOOOD! Taro Snoh, Thai Tea Snoh, Green Tea Snoh, MOCHI! FRESH FRUITS!! OMG OREOS!! GLAZE?!? WHAT'S GLAZE??! BLACK SESAME?! OOOOH! CHOCOLATE? CARAMEL?! OMG CONDENSED MILK?! CAN I JUST DRINK THEM ALL!?? I'm now back in California and am scratching my neck as speak, I think I'm addicted to their "snoh".... and yes, we do have plenty of snoh ice like places in LA, but these snoh guys have got it down to a science.. perfect texture & taste.. like no other! must try!!!
This is shaved iced on a different level folks. This is not your snow cone ice or your Hawaiian ice. This is Taiwanese ice. Smooth and velvety with infused flavors such as taro, green tea, strawberry, mango, and Thai tea. If you never thought it was possible to put those exotic ingredients into ice then you definitely need to come down to check it out. My favorite is taro, I die by the taro, its my usual to go flavor for most desserts/snacks. To take it up another notch, throw in some of these toppings: mochi balls, mango, lychee, cheesecake bites, strawberries, lychee jelly, almond pudding, mango pudding, boba, orea cookies, and kiwi. I know this list seems overwhelming but do your best to see what complements what flavor of ice. But who the heck cares, mix and match however way you want, this is your masterpiece we're talking about here. But wait, it doesn't end there, you also add a glaze: condensed milk, caramel, chocolate, taro condensed milk, green tea condensed milk, and black sesame. Imagine the glaze as the icing on the top, it brings everything together. Pricing is reasonable for these yummy and refreshing delights. You get three sizes: small, medium or large. Each size you get atleast 1 topping and 1 glaze. The ambiance is funky fresh, hip, and urban-esque. The staff are energetic and enthusiastic. Stop by and check them out. Peace and happy nomming.
The most unique and flavorful dessert I've ever had. I'm a regular now and I enjoy the large taro on a plate with boba, lychee jelly and condensed milk.
OMG this place is great. I ordered the green tea ice with mochi and sweet sesame. I love it. One of my girls ordered regular with oreos and caramel...yummy. The added bonus is the local artwork you can buy. My family and I will get every chance to visit again.
I have to say OMG DELICIOUS! I am love frozen yogurt, so I wasn't sure what to expect from this kind of ice cream. It is light, flavorful and delicious. I shared my ice cream with my date and I wish I would have gotten my own! I had the taro flavor with condensed milk. That topping is a must! When I'm in the area, I will be back here.
A taste of home! I am definitely California grown and needed my shaved SNOW. It's not the same as shaved ice.. not big pieces but little snow pieces that melt in your mouth. They had the best green tea snow I have ever had. One of the workers told me they will have brick toast soon. I warn you native Arizonans... brick toast is AMAZING! Will be back for more snow, brick toast, and boba tea
So its the second time I have been here, and I shouldn't have waited for this review. From the moment I took my first bite I was obsessed. Even after my boyfriend and I left we discussed how great it was. For weeks since our last visit we mentioned how we should get snoh. We are pretty much replacing the words "ice cream" and "froyo"with snoh. The thought of all desserts have been replaced with the thought of our next snob fix. Purple Fusion is delicious! Taro snoh with almond cookie crumbs, almond pudding, and condensed milk drizzle. The girl told us to add black sesame drizzle which is also bomb.I look forward to our next trip in, and to trying more flavors. That may not before a while though since we are so satisfied with our purple fusion. STOP READING THIS IS GO GET YOU SOME!
WOWZA!! Try this place ASAP! Too good to pass up, especially on those hot summer days. I love the Thai Chew, the tastes are amazing! I have yet to some back and try making my own creation..but surely will when I'm back on this side..
I really like this place. I always order whatever they recommend and it is delicious. They have interesting art, plenty of seating, and great service
The Phoestivus last night was a lot of fun. My hubby and I walked around and looked at all the cool things that people were selling and tried a couple of samples too. I bought a cute bracelet from Pure Life Forever by Jenny. After walking around we decided to have Short Leash for dinner. Short Leash was amazing as always. :) When walking around earlier that night we saw that they had a photo booth. So we decided to get our picture taken from Social Station and the picture turned out great. On our way out we stopped by the Yelp Table and had Lindsey F. wrap our gift for us. She did a great job on our gift. :) Next week they are doing Phoestivus again. So, if you are in downtown next Wednesday you should check out Phoestivus.
I came ready to air my grievances and once I was there I forgot I had any! So many doo-dads, crafty creations, sweet temptations and FOOD TRUCKS!! From t-shirts and poster with facetious sayings like "I'm a baby duck. You, YOU, are nothing!" and "When I look in the mirror I see a unicorn. A bad ass unicorn."..to shirts made of hemp and necklaces with photos hanging on a sari necklace! Then sweet treats like whoopie pies packaged in gorgeous bows and ties what could very easily be found at Tiffany and Co! Why not buy yourself a gift and unwrap a tamale? Doctor Hummus is there too...don't pass him by! Live music and picture booths and lavosh and cookies and pies and paletas and...I could go on for days! The bff and I had a great time and all the other fun loving people there were just that. We struck up conversations at every booth and left smiling! This is a Phoestivus for the rest of us!
This place is fantastic! They have an amazing selection of TRUE high quality olive oils and balsamic vinegars. Sooo tasty! I've eaten more salads in the past month than in the past year! The staff, and owners are very helpful and knowledgeable, making it even easier to love the place. Can't recommend this place enough.
We live in a near-by neighborhood and were in the area for lunch. We decided to step in and look around and were amazed at what a great place this is! Row after row of dispensers with flavored olive oils and balsamic vinegars. We did a little oil tasting and took home a bottle of flavored olive oil for cooking. Aubrey (the owner) was knowledgable and answered all our questions. We're glad they're in our neighborhood and plan on coming back.
Super great service! Generous portions and super friendly staff. Fresh ingredients and tasty flavors! The atmosphere was warm and trendy and prices were very reasonable. I recommend 'the Stache' wrap and mixed berry chicken salad! Great find! New lunch spot for sure!
I thought the service food and atmosphere was great. It had that NYC feel about it. Great find. Pho was excellent with fresh ingredients.
Fantastic "Bun" salad (I got mine with chicken-delish!). The garlic fries were crazy good too. Super quick service--we were in and out (and stuffed) in 40 minutes on the lunch hour. Love this place and will definitetly be back!
We are keeping it LOCAL. *will post pics when completed
Jenna does amazing work! I texted her at 11AM and she showed up at my house less three hours later without me even having an appointment or having met her! She was very personable and professional all at the same time! Her work is so fantastic! I showed her a picture from my iPhone and she did even better than the picture! I love her work and I will definitely be a repeat customer!!! Very quick and beautiful work! If you are thinking about getting henna, she is definitely the person to see!
I sought out a stylist who would be restrained and considerate to my requests. I read the online reviews about Kristi, and she seemed to be a good fit. I visited French Method Salon, and she impressed! She listened to my requests, and thoroughly walked me through her steps. Kristi also gave me some great recommendations on how to treat my hair (shampoos, oils, etc) as well as styling tips. Most importantly, she fixed the mess that was my hair! My hair was a botched job, with inconsistent layers, split ends and even a mullet tail. She not only fixed the nightmare, but left me with a stylish cut without taking too much off the length (as requested). I am thoroughly pleased with the cut and will be returning regularly. Kristi is also very pleasant to chat with. The space is really beautiful too!
AMazing group of doctors. Saw Dean Cummings and he took his time to make sure I understood everything. Scheduling is quick and front office staff is very nice and handles requests in a timely fashion.
Great service, nice place to chill if at airport early, quick walk over to b gates if flying Us airways. James was a great server, nice, and enjoyed the enchilada breakfast with scrambled eggs rather than fried.
I have been traveling through sky harbor every Thursday for the past 5 months and I make it a point to visit Cowboy Ciao no matter what gate I fly from, even D. The regular bartenders Doug, Tige (think that's how it's spelled) and Marsha are excellent. They are super personable and go the extra mile for their guests. The food is great, albeit a little pricey, but in an airport cannot be beaten. I'd recommend the quesadilla, among the best I've had anywhere. Back to the bartenders - especially Doug and Tige - these guys are the real reason I've visited so often and referred family and friends. They create a truly enjoyable experience to hang out at the bar while waiting for your flight and take care of and appreciate repeat guests. In one instance the bar was completely filled as were all tables. Doug personally made me an additional spot at the bar and quickly poured a cold beer - what service during a long day of work and travel! I recommend this place to anyone traveling in terminal 4, it can't be beat. Unfortunately Doug was not working my last visit but I snapped a snazzy pic of Tige and Marsha. If you want to see a picture of Doug hard at work taking great care of his customers, take a peek at the a**hole review from 2/2, which I would completely discredit. Cheers!
OMG!!!! The food here is sooooooo good!!! The Chopped Salad will make you miss your flight! The service is the BEST I've experienced in awhile!
As any pet owner we are all skeptical of taking your furry loved ones to a new place, which I was. I scheduled a Sunday appointment (yes they have grooming on Sunday!!) and took both dogs in (Shih Tzu and Shih Tuz Poodle) and I talked with the groomer and told her what I like and part of the dogs to watch out for sensitive stops when groomer. A couple hours later they are done and look absolutely wonderful!! They both smelt good, looked good, she did an amazing job. Well will be going back in another 8 weeks. Also I check out the boarding facility, all in doors and not in cages. (love that) The boarding areas are blocked walls so If you do not like your pets to be in cages this is the place to take them. (no home blankets or toys unless they are brand new.)
This placeis awesome! Very convenient and the subs are so good. Love their special sauce. Great bread. The staff was very nice too. Will be back soon.
Typically, Tuesdays mean my daughter and I end up at Desert Ridge for our weekly play date at The Play Factory. This day, we decided that we would try a new (to us) sandwich place before we went. According to Yelp, there was one just around the corner. We drove around looking for this place for several minutes. According to my GPS, I was sitting right on the place. But, it was nowhere to be found. Then I looked a little more closely at the description...the sandwich shop is INSIDE of Danny's Gourmet Market. Man, I'm dumb...but, I digress. Best Ever Subs and More accounts for about 1/3 of the overall space inside Danny's. The whole place is very well maintained and quite inviting. We got there right around noon, so we expected there to be SOME kind of wait. Fortunately for us, there wasn't. This also meant that we received the royal treatment by the staff. They went above and beyond the service that you might expect from a convenience store sandwich shop. Not only were they overwhelmingly pleasant, but they were super accommodating, as well. Essentially, they treated us like we were at a sit-down restaurant by bringing us our food, checking on us during the meal, and then offering to take up our things when we were finally finished. Now, I do know that the owner was there during our visit. Typically, employees are on their best behavior when the owner is in the house. Either way, the owner and her staff were extremely pleasant, and definitely ensured that we'll go back. The menu at Best Ever Subs and More is relatively typical of a sandwich shop. They have the usual sandwiches and wraps that you'd find elsewhere. However, they did have one item, the one I tried, that was FANTASTIC! I ordered the #11: Best Ever Turkey wrap. This wrap comes with turkey, brie cheese, green apples, dried cranberries, lettuce, tomatoes, red onions, and apple cider dressing. It comes in either a white, wheat, or a spinach wrap. You can also pay an extra + $.50 for bacon, which I highly recommend. Best Ever Subs and More has plenty of seating inside. However, if the weather is right, they do have a decent patio. It's covered by an aluminum pergola, but it doesn't have any misters. So, if you want to sit outside, DEFINITELY do it during early Spring or Fall. Otherwise, you'll be hating life. If you're looking for a great sandwich shop with great service on the North side of town, you should definitely swing by Danny's Gourmet Market and check this place out!
I love this place! Whenever I'm in the area I make it a point to stop by. My go to item is the Turkey Wrap. Another reviewer said that they didn't feel like there was enough turkey on it, but I think the portions are fine. The wrap is so flavorful. It's also perfect on a warm day because it is so cool and the apples make it very refreshing. The staff is also very friendly. My first time in, the owner was there and she made it a point to stop and chat with me which I thought was nice. I can't recommend this place enough. I've been telling all my friends about it. Go there. You won't be disappointed.
I am an LAFitness transplant. I wanted a change and boy did I get one. My initial contact was great not a sales pitch but an offering.(thanks Connor) I was impressed by the cleanliness classes and equipment. The staff is amazing . They are happy friendly and genuinely want to be there. I tried the personal training To get back into the swing of things. Katrina was knowledgeable and actually listened to my concerns. She also let me know the importance of eating right. This is a top notch place. I received a newsletter and found out this chain was started right here in the valley, another plus. I can't thank you all enough I feel great!
I had been shopping for a guitar for my daughter around town and doing my homework on the Internet when I saw this place advertising on Craigslist. I took the time to stop by and am so happy I did. The staff was immensely helpful and I ended up walking out with two guitars, cases and a recommendation for lessons for less than I planned on spending. Thank you Guitar Tree
Hands down best bagels in Phoenix. I am a true bagel snob (from NJ) and this is as close as it gets to authentic NYC bagels. They don't have pork roll though! Bialys and bagels are continuously cooked throughout the morning and always so good. Crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside like it should be. I called ahead today to make sure they had what I wanted- I have gone in previously in hopes of picking up a few bialys and they were sold out or didn't make them that day. The staff said if I called in 30 min before that I could order anything I wanted with any topping and it would be done. True to their word today!! The staff is extremely nice and on the ball always! Einsteins and Brueggers can't compare!
I was there on Saturday and owner D'Lisa waxed my eyebrows, and Sabrina gave me a mani-pedi. The service there was awesome. I am in love with the gel/foil nails, and the pedicure was great. Everyone was so friendly and stopped by to say hi or to see how my nails were coming along. There were so many colors and foil designs to choose from. I made a hair appointment with Sabrina for later in the week as well. D'Lisa's waxing was so quick and painless. I was really pleased with my whole experience and can't wait to go back!
I'm a big fan! I first tried Salon D'Shayn on a groupon-type-of-deal whim over two years ago and I've been going to her ever since - mostly waxing, but occasionally other services, too. I recently switched over to her new midtown Phoenix location when it opened in January 2013. Between the easy online scheduling, the great location near places to eat, and now only being about a mile away, it doesn't really get any more convenient for me! I also really like the new location because it offers nail services. The nail techs are nice gals and there are plenty of polish options (I'm now a fan of the CND Luxe line - think 7+ days like shellac without the need for a base coat or UV lamp). Affordability is key for a non-profit professional like me who likes to treat herself to a mani or pedi every now and then, so I like that the nail services and experience are high quality while the prices are on par with the nail shoppes you'd find next to a grocery store in a little strip-mall type shopping center. What else do I appreciate about Salon D'Shayn? The refreshments - water, tea, coffee, wine and little assorted snacks. The clean bathroom - 'nuff said. D'Lisa's impeccably prompt service - unlike my dentist, or doctor, etc. And the quick checkout courtesy of the 'square' - it calculates and generates gratuity options for you. This salon is regular part of my personal grooming and upkeep, so I'm very glad to have such a little gem in my neighborhood! PS - Something that may not make much of a difference to everyone, but D'Lisa is generously donating a package of services to my non-profit agency for our annual fundraising event. Not all small businesses can or want to contribute to community organizations, so this just makes her place and her staff that much greater to me!
Bret Thomas is simply a magician. Really takes the time to get the job right. A perfectionist and professional in every aspect. Best haircut in Phoenix.
I seen the reviews here and decided to give it a try. Best choice ever :) I walked in and the environment was calm, soothing and amiable. I get a class of water and wait to get a facial wax. I walk in the room and it's very clean, organized and plus it smelled good :) The wax technician was so professional and was fast so therefore I didn't feel any pain. I will definitely be back to get a padi and mani ;)
My office coworkers and I found this gem on a suggestion and fell in love. We enjoy there food so much that we eat there and least once a week and will even call in for breakfast delivery. The food is outstanding and I appreciate the chief's commitment to to quailty ingredients and homemade food. They make their own pickles, dressing (to die for ranch), jams, and much more. Who does that any more. This place! That's who. If you find yourself downtown looking for a great place to stop in for breakfast or lunch do yourself a cavorted and try Cafeteria on Thomas. You will be amazed. I suggest the brisket for lunch or biscuits and gravy for breakfast.
Been here twice for brunch and its been spot on both times..Croque Madam was awesome and had an omelette the next time and was really good. They always seem to have some different pastries on hand you can buy at the counter.. The bacon maple biscuits were amazing. Along with blueberry and chocolate chip muffins.. All fresh baked in house. Atmosphere is very clean and bright.. Great service and most items are around 6-8 bucks which I find really nice.. Extensive menu of breakfast items and sandwiches.
YUM! I love anything grilled cheese and this place did not disappoint. I was able to check out this truck at the Streets Food Festival. I got there early and luckily the line for this truck was not too bad. When we were leaving, the line was crazy. There is a reason though. The grilled cheese was delicious. I got to try a brie and green apple grilled cheese. Oh I still dream of this concoction. It was just crispy enough and had so much delicious cheese. I just wish it was bigger or that i ordered too. My husband had a grilled cheese with fritos, spicy cheese, pork and he was amazed. He does not get excited by food, but he got excited by this. We loved it. Follow them on facebook. They are franchising their trucks, and keeping a truck in Phoenix now. I will definitely be going again. It is also owned and ran by veterans- so I felt even better giving them my money.
